is glad *PROPNAME* has taken responsibility for what happened.  Don't worry, *PROPNAME*, I'm not mad at you!misses Ithacan winters.  Hot weather sucks.  Chicago better be a freezer.just played Quidditch.  It was awesome.Holy Crap!  *PROPNAME*'s has a rewards program that lets you get a free chocolate from the store every month!  How awesome is that?starts his job tomorrow.  Goodbye Freetimesville, hello Moneytown Station!can't help but smile.is liking the new job so far.  Of course, the kids have yet to arrive...is my name and I'm here to say, I have the symptoms of an awesome day!is going to miss you.had a dream come true!  Last night I dreamt about eating a cinnamon bun, and today I ate a cinnamon bun!knows that if we tie our houses together, the world will revolve around us!is about to lead an activity on Dating Etiquette...wish me luck.is sad the weekend is here...  Can't wait for Sunday, 7pm.is going to nuke the site from orbit.  It's the only way to be sure.is out getting the paper...before the monsters do, am I right?thinks he'll start a Prussia-style diary, and this status update will remind him of his choice until he finally acts upon it.is currently preptastic.Hey my Rhode Island friends.  What rocks to do in Providence and what's the best Italian place in the city?is sick of starting letters with "dear."  My friends are more than dear, I'm using different adjectives from now on.  "Anti-Establishment *PROPNAME*, how are you?  Signed, *PROPNAME*."  Screw you, convention!is done!  Hooray!wants to be asleep and isn't.  Damn you, not-terrible work ethic!is going to a research reactor tomorrow, yay!is thinking tonight of his old college town...is all set for tomorrow!is impressed that the ads on the side of FB are getting relevant without being offensively so...finally.  I've got an ad for a book I like, a band I like, and a movie by an animator I like.  Yay!grew bolder day by day.wants a cottage cheese and pastrami sandwich on banana bread, even if it severely ruins your reputation!wishes everyone a happy first day of classes yayyyyyyy!had a great day off...is a doctor, not a writer of witty status updates, damnit!doesn't want to say goodbye next week.  : (.finds fiction much more interesting when you imagine the same actors and voice actors to be the same people instead of different characters.  Holy crap, *PROPNAME*'s father is Liquid Snake!  Hey look, Obi-Wan Kenobi is helping Don Quixote liberate the Arabs in WWI!wishes all of his Cornellian friends good luck tomorrow!  Enjoy it, it's a wonderful place.wants to see a version of that *PROPNAME* story "Gift of the Magi" where one of the people receives a Bible, only to inform their friend that they sold their soul to Satan to buy them their gift.knows he wants to be Canadian, please.had a pretty good day: kayaking, bughouse dodgeball, four-square, and lap tag.  Plus good conversation...can't help but smile.is looking forward to his new college town.is one iteration closer to his desired solution!finally has apartment pictures up.is in Chicago, yay!  He still misses *PROPNAME*, though...started a Prussia-style diary.  Huh...that didn't take long at all.  http:////todayiwassoawesome.wordpress.com//.actually danced at a dance.  It was fun.loved *PROPNAME*!didn't know the chemicals in jalapeno peppers could make your bare skin feel kinda burny.  Huh.is off Monday, August 3.  Anyone want to do something then?wants a fat little shetland pony who will complete missions for me...has to start planning his thesis...had a MUCH better first day of classes than he expected.wishes he were in Ithaca.  : (.is getting better at resisting the urge to Ragequit.is in love with a girl named *PROPNAME*...  Damn that stuff is delicious.wishes he and his friends could burst into random song and dance like in musicals...looks a lot more like a young Lenin with his ushanka than he ever realized.recently realized there's a large whole in his theoretical structure of life.  It may be a few interations before he has a working solution.is one iteration closer to his desired solution.wonders whether anyone's ever done an etymological history of onomatopoeia.  Why did "oink" become so popular when most pigs I've seen go "reeee"?  Why did "fap" become so popular?  Is it accuracy or something else?  A most interesting question...  Any linguistics majors in need of a paper topic?never gives up, never surrenders!is feeling rather Odinesque today...in a Ragnarok sorta way.is enjoying Chicago immensely.  If only time were passing a little more slowly.wants to thank the Tabasco company for listing the Scoville Heat Units of its products, and thinks all spicy food makers should follow suit.wishes he were in Ithaca.  They get snow...just hit a wall of work.thinks he's going to make truffles tomorrow...FOR SCIENCE!has finally started orientation!  Seems pretty good so far.has finally ended orientation!  That was fast...  Perspectives in Social Science, Historical Methods, and Early Modern England will be my classes this quarter, it seems.gave up on being a productive member of society when he left engineering, OK Social Sciences?  Just let me write about cool people.  I don't want to think about how my topic benefits anyone.loves Holst oh so much.PONY!feels like a koala crapped a rainbow in his brain!gazed upon the face of the Savior of the Monkeys and wept from the beauty of the sight.is done with the MAPSS midterm and much happier because of it.thinks he'll apply to Pigfarts for next year.leaves for Chicago tomorrow.  Can't wait!  Now if only the magical packing fairy would visit me...associates Russian classical composers with Christmas, for some reason.  Not just the Nutcracker stuff, either.  It's a bit odd...  Especially since everyone knows Santa lives in Finland, not Russia.just found out Megas XLR is on iTunes!  Life just got a little bit more awesome.is ready to begin his day fueled with the power of french toast!  Readings: prepare to be read...has too many unknowns to solve his equations, but he'll never stop trying.digs giant robots.Dear everyone: crack open a dictionary and start using "hypothesis" and "theory" correctly from now on.  It's not that hard, and misusing the word confuses stupid people to whom I then need to listen, which makes me sad.  : (.lernas Esperanton!has chourico!  The tastiest, most delicious meat known to mankind!  And I'm going to eat the crap out of it!amas lerni novaj lingvoj!is thankful for all his wonderful friends!  Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!  I wish I could spend it with every one of you.Alright Holst, listen up.  I'm going to see your music tomorrow and I don't want anything supernatural to prevent it, got it?  I'm sick of your crap.danced again last night.  This is starting to become a pattern...remembers a time when he was able to easily find classes because the school actually had its shit together and managed to have a central location with all the course descriptions.Good morning!  And in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!reads from his past and mourns the future."I love her better than anybody here, and see her seldomer.  So it often happens in the world."-*PROPNAME*.has finished his skeleton drafts, hooray!  Suck it, essays!HAL is alive once again!  Just in time for 2010, conveniently enough.  Not sure if I'm gonna keep him, cuz he's now missing MS Word, but eh, he has internet.s ganache is delicious.Dear Online Dictionary Makers, Let people search the text of the entries, not just the entry words.  Make your dictionaries more like a human brain.  Let me search "make things the same" and find words that include those words in their definitions.  That would rock. Love, *PROPNAME*.I have enemies?  I thought these things always just happened...feels weird being in the library during Finals Week as a patron...Holy crap this is hilarious: http:////www.standforchristmas.com//pages//home Just read these reviews.  What bigoted morons think like this?  Read the "Offensive" ones.  They're the best.is starting to wonder whether his eyes reflect light in the near-infrared spectrum or something that's just out of sight for humans but visible to cameras, cuz man, if I only had photos to go by I would swear my eyes are red.And now all I have to do is pack!  Hooray!  One quarter down, two to go!is filling his diaries with references to dinosaurs and Bigfoot.  This way, when the world ends and future historians have only my diary for primary sources, they'll think that at least the world was awesome before it ended.  If you care about tricking the future into believing our era was the awesomest ever, I encourage you to do the same.  Together, we can do it!I'm home, wheee!One paper submitted, two to go.RIP HAL 9000...  I think your successor will be named Metal Gear.has the most melodramatic sister in the world...just got his mind blown.  Apparently *PROPNAME* from Salute Your Shorts, the rich girl, was played by a Chinese-American actress.  I totally never noticed that.  Ever.  Thank you, www.tvtropes.org for once again, showing that I have a terrible memory.is beginning to miss Chicago and his friends there...dreads his mortality as he walks the empty aisles of a library, admiring the volumes, yet knowing his life will never last long enough for him to enjoy them all.Let's see how honest MY FB friends are. Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me. It can only be one word. No more than one word. Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you. This should be interesting...wants to get out of Hyde Park.wants to be the very best!  Like no one ever was!A bit of Christmas cuteness: http:////www.watchanimeon.com//axis-powers-hetalia-ii-episode-28//.should just become a chef.wonders whether love can bloom, even on a battlefield.Merry Christmas, everyone!Well crap.  My computer's software is currently corrupted or something and won't work.  Right before my two Hell Weeks begin.  Wheeee...  Anyone in Chicago have a copy of their Windows XP Professional edition CD I can borrow to reinstall stuff?Is back in Chicago!s New Year's Resolution is to negate everyone else's resolutions.27F, feels like 14F....Ah!  It's like being in Ithaca again!  It feels wonderful!  And yes, *PROPNAME*, I am crazy.Just did the research and writing for his 12 page term paper in 48 hours.  Revision time!All three of my sidebar ads are currently about meeting girls.  I think Facebook pities me...  :(.returns to Chicago tomorrow!  Yay!First day of classes for a new quarter!  I hope no suddenly loud girls give me coronary thrombosis like last quarter...has the same Spring Break as *PROPNAME*!  If any Cornellians want a super awesome place to visit during their Spring Break, keep Chicago in mind...has a few excellent weekends coming up.  Rock on!Happy 150th Birthday, Mr Zamenhof!  Thanks for the language!The Portuguese pronounce X like SH?  Damnit, is it THEIR fault Romanized Chinese does the same?  I always wondered who to blame for that.wonders whether Professor *PROPNAME* would let him write a term paper on fanfictions using theories from the readings...Welche bluse magst du lieber, diese oder diese?Holy mother microfilm is a bitch on the eyes.  Dear 1890, learn to write normal Ms and Ns.  Yours look like Ws and Us.Come on Massachusetts!  You guys are supposed to be New English!  What happened?Anyone wanna see The Fly on Wednesday?  It'll be awesome...just had a great day.Geez 18th Century Britons, if you love *PROPNAME* the Great so much, why don't you just marry him?Holy crap!  Hiero II of Syracuse was a former general of Pyrrhus of Epirus!  I never knew that!  Hiero has the official title of Awesomest Friendhaver in the Ancient World now, so far as I'm concerned.  Pyrrhus and Archimedes, at least!  Go Hiero!  You're MY hero!Can't wait for next weekend, even if he is getting evaluated!You can ask me one question (Send it to my inbox). Any question- anything. No matter how awkward it can be I'll answer it honestly, no catch. But, I dare you to put this as your status and see what people ask you.  (I can't resist dares...).Off to the art museum!  Sorry Proposal, I'll work on you later...probably...Whutta whutta whutta whutta...wishes a Happy Valentine's Day to all those for whom he cares!  I hope all my friends know how much they mean to me!Is looking forward to the weekend.Is off to see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*!  And I got an awesome gift in the mail today!  And I learned how to construct a book wheel.  Today is just, like, mega-awesome!