Vegas until Thursday :).Michigan and Chicago last weekend, Vegas next week, Milwaukee after that :).I love Chic-fil-a. (And no, they are not my clients).going to Milwaukee for the weekend :).I need a name for my sewing collection - ideas welcome :).Thanks for the Birthday wishes!Had a great weekend in West Michigan.  Headed back to ATL for a few days.  Then I'll be back for *PROPNAME*'s wedding!Homemade peach pie is done, now off to the pool!unpacking.Sweetwater tonight! :).Going to Twisted Taco at Perimeter tonight!Are you going to the Big 10 Pub Crawl tomorrow in Midtown?I'm on my way to Chicago for two days :).new hobby: pillow shams :).sewing a dress.At the Grand Traverse Resort - the bay is beautiful!I have an abundance of Apple Crisp, Peach Cobbler and Peach Pie at my house - PLEASE HELP!Back in ATL :).Hanging out with *PROPNAME* :) Girls weekend!pasta schmasta.Know anyone who can teach me how to knit and crochet?Working from home is da' bomb.Thai Chicken Pasta with Barilla Whole Grain Spaghetti - delicious dinner!*PROPNAME* gave me a Christmas table cloth and dish towel! Now we have a Christmas tree and festive linens! :).Watching Twilight :).Cinnamon ice cream from scratch - just another day living with a culinary student :) *PROPNAME* rocks!making a quilt.Headed back to ATL after a great weekend in Tampa :).Chocolate covered potato chips - what will they come up with next! (They are so good!).Christmasing :).Going home tomorrow for *PROPNAME*'s bridal shower and Father's Day!!!I love vacation. Tomorrow we're going to the beach :).*PROPNAME* "Noel", Christmas slippers, hot cocoa, soft blanket, and a book. Just missing the snow!Sewing again!Back in Atlanta! There's no snow here!My co-workers just 'bumped' - Love iPhone entertainment!Traverse City this weekend, Detroit next weekend.  Fall in Michigan!On my way to Chicago. :).Headed back to Atlanta. Gasparilla was a hoot.finishing my quilt today.Dearest Souper *PROPNAME* of Buckhead, Your chocolate cupcakes were heavenly. Hope to see you again for lunch soon!Chicago on Monday & Tuesday, Orlando on Thursday & Friday and Tampa on Saturday & Sunday.