Question: What would have happened if Adam and Eve had eaten from the "Tree of Life" before eating from the "Tree of Knowledge"?I think *PROPNAME* is quite a little beuity.I'm ecstatic! I just spoke briefly with *PROPNAME*'s lawyer. Based on some "case files" I emailed her, we have enough evidence to prove CPS's removal of the kids was illegal and grounds for an emergency hearing. We believe we have enough evidence to cost both CPS and Humble PD their "qualified immunity", allowing us to file a civil suit against them and the apartments. ANYONE KNOW A GOOD CIVIL ATTORNEY???*PROPNAME*'s kids won in KBXX-97.9 "MADD HATTA'S ELVES" Christmas contest. They get to go to an invitation only Christmas party at Dave & Busters Monday morning. Unfortunately. *PROPNAME*'s daddy does not want to let him go because of all the CPS stuff.Things went better. *PROPNAME* was able to retain her composur and not break down in court. The judge referred the case to "mediation". We go to that Jan 29th.Lord willing and with his blessing. I claim in the name of Jesus: "Today we get the kids back." All Prayers are welcome.Please keep *PROPNAME*'s family in your prayers tonight and tomorrow. We have to be in court at 9am. Really pray for the oldest *PROPNAME* went to his dad's for his summer visit and had his mother, brother and sister stripped from him for six months. CPS is providing Christmas for the other two but not him.  I sure hope we succeed at stripping them of their "immunity" and make them pay for what they've done to this family.I stopped by and visited with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. Only stayed about twenty minutes. I sure will be glad when they can come back home.Well we are on hold until next Wed. Both CASA and CPS are demanding current prescription records all though they have through the last court date and did not request these until yesterday. *PROPNAME*'s theropist did not show either, but he is being supenaed for Wed.*PROPNAME* just told me Tuesday, that her cancer has progressed to stage 4.Could teenage "Huffing" be the result of modern day child proofing and the parent neglecting to actually teach the child, "THAT WILL KILL YOU".Can anyone out there tell me if Jesus was EVER anointed in OIL? He was babtized in water and anointed in the Holy Spirt which is why he is called the "anointed one". Can anyone tell me yes or no. If yes I need scripture reference. Thank you.