anotha day, anotha dolla.tryin to figure out what to do w. a plane ticket to NYC the 24th w. no one to hang out with. FML!Deceiving others. That's what the world calls a romance.Taking out my frustrations on 300 plus pounds of gravity motivated iron.well everyone I know has got a reason to say, you could put the past away.Tattoo on the lower back...might as well be a bulls-eye.Just trying to play 1 round of golf before this summer is over!!thought some chick was hitting on me last night, but it turned out she was just getting my attention so she could make fun of me for being over 20 and still wearing Abercrombie. FML!get a job sparkling wiggles...I love PSU!last day of work! f'in right doggie!Round 2...I've had better...living in a haze...looking for the meaning of life and only finding darkness.is so much cooler online.Trying to learn how to build a cowboy hat out of a Natty light boxes.trust lies at the core of love; there can be no true love without trust.has been working all week, it's time to play gonna get a little bit sideways.wicked salacity leads to anger and frustration.you're not sure that you love me, but you're not sure enough to let me go.taking one step forward then 2 steps back...story of my life.another lonely night with nothing to hold on to but memories of better days...exhausted.recovery day.ugh! in rough shape.Don't worry about the people in your past, there's a reason they didn't make it to your future.she said, "you probably don't remember me," I said, "only every other memory.".she put him out, like the burning end of a midnight cigarette.This is the man cave, there's no women allowed in here. I got a jerk-off station for God's sake.I got a feelin' that tonight's gonna be a good night!we'll put a boot in your ass, it's the American way.Southside tonight...any takers?let's get drunk and be somebody.just livin' the dream.Findin' a steady pay check for next year...Lovin' this Hawaiian pizza!I just wish I could take back that kiss. Because now I know... it was the taste of betrayal.WHITEOUT!!credit card roulette cost me $81.10...FML!I'm better than ya ex, gonna be better than ya next.PSU loss, Steelers loss...my life is in shambles.IM football, Southside...life is good.<insert depressing, emo lyrics here>.PSU this weekend? obvi!...don't think I don't think about it, don't think I don't have regrets...Maybe we have to break everything to make something better out of ourselves.Football all day...that's what I love about Sunday's.Lovin' life!shorty's like a melody in my head.Getting some much needed TLC from mom...and the trap is cleaner than ever, which is nice!I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T, do you know what that means?(801): You dropped me off at the wrong girl's house. (1-801): There's no such thing as a "wrong girl" make it happen. (801): alright see you in the morning.CMU football...is there anything better?ugh! rough weekend!dying of dysentry...WPT, yes please!terrible night!is trying to justify his CMU education in exchange for the PSU atmosphere...not really working.noddin' my head like 'Yeah,' movin' my hips like 'Yeah!'.Just got pizza delivered to my house in Pittsburgh by a chick I went to high school with in Coudersport...feel so much better about my life right now!"I don't feel like watching football, I would rather watch a good movie"--*PROPNAME*....manhood in question.everyone is single if you're willing to try hard enough.PHI is callin' my name!Ready for the long weekend.false alarm. still invincible.State blows another opportunity...shouldn't have expected anything else...I am officially the dumbest person in the entire world...my life sucks.Chi-town for the weekend!False alarm...still invincible.Is it May yet?Turkey Bowl at Beaver Stadium...sick!i guess if that's what you're into...Tailgating in the Wendy's parking lot is the new thing to do!!LMFAO!Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own.  Everybody has their private world where they can be alone. Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? Are you reaching out for me? I'm reaching out for you...tryin' to keep the streak alive.To feel your pain, you feel mine. Go inside eachother's minds, just to see what we'd find. Look at shit through eachother's eyes.Man date at Hokkaido...SMAAART!scars heal, glory fades, and all we're left with are the memories made. pain hurts, but only for a minute. your life is short so go on and live it, cause the chicks dig it.needs a formal date for Friday night...stat!Cleveland celebrating birthdays with the King, New Years in the 'burg, cruisin' the Caribbean....gonna be a nice little weekend!I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to life than being really, really, ridiculously good looking. And I plan on finding out what that is.85 and sunny in Jamaica, 82 and sunny in Grand Cayman....SMICK!Puzzling my face off!Women lie, men lie, numbers don't lie!4 rounds of credit card roulette shots and never had to pay...love that!Trapp mandate...dinner and a movie, does it get any better?FML!!Composing a script for greek sing....will most definitely be epic!ridiculous!hang on tight, cause it's gonna be wilder than any 8 second ride.Jammin' some *PROPNAME* on the new Trapp piano!All the classy broads hit up half price wine night right?...