sexy new laptop.  yay.is chillin'."Many of us spend our whole lives running from feeling with the mistaken belief that you cannot bear the pain. But you have already borne the pain. What you have not done is feel all you are beyond the pain."   -*PROPNAME*.THANK GOD THAT WOMAN FINALLY LEFT THE FRIGGIN' HOUSE!!!at NYU and playing sporkel!!!!  Yup, college is gonna be fun.  ;D.prom is in # hours and still not ready......  AAHHH!I know it's kinda late, but I gotz a new phone, so I needz yo numbers!  Can I have your number?  Can I have iiiittt?!?!? lol.graduation!! ;D.wants to play some more tennis.is on the prowl.anyone wanna watch ice age 3 with me tomorrow?stupid harry potter movie kept me up till 1:30 in the morning and did not help the fact i had to wake up at 6:30am.....  but it was good so i guess it was worth it. :).is in the city hanging out in a sweet lounge watching people pass below, fighting the temptation to become one of the crowd.prom madness!is hooked on BONES. ;).orientation creeps closer and closer like a birthday cake on wheels.gonna be in the city about a week to work at New Life Church in Elmhurst for the little kiddies!  :)  yay!is having things finalized....is in Weinstein! holla!  XD.to the city for the weekend!  :D.GABRIEL IGLESIAS!!!  XD.done with work...for now.is stuck.lollipop!head cold and it's raining.... not helping...  *sniffle.awesome party. and yes, it exceeded my expectations.  ;D.2 weeks left.still don't have my list of textbooks.  stupid bellmore mail... takes forever to get here!  XO.oh the craziness of prom...waffles.*PROPNAME*= awesomest show i've ever seen.is officially settled in weinstein hall.  rm 428  PURPLE MONKEYS!!!!tired. eyes are burning but my soul keeps yearning, for more than just a whispered good night.had a 5 hour nap and is now procrastinating in writing her essay that's due tomorrow.  XD  whatever.  i gotz myself some smexy posterz!!!!!boogabooogaboggaaa!finally has the internet working after 3 days without it.  -.-"  withdrawal was harsh...  lol.like in high school i'm doing ma hw in the early mornin'.  and i'm doing it while procrastinating on fb.  lol.messed up an assignment for one class already in the early college season.  FML!!!!!!  stupid hw...  -_-".i like fire  :3.just keep the ball rolling.just finished rewatching V for Vendetta and it rocked my sox.Casino Night was awesome.  I WON A SNUGGIE!!!!!!!  lmao.Going to the premier of Harry Potter with me awesome cousins in the city!  Yay!  sry daniel.....BEACH BALL TONIGHT!!!!!!!   XD.has a paper due at 5 pm, yet here I am on fb.  typical.had a great night out with friends, ate awesome food, and watched stand up comedians on youtube.  fun...and now i'm tired.  g'night everybody.justs wants to sleep but have to study and write 2 very large paragraphs... *yawns*.loling at new moon spoofs.  XD.still writing that essay....stupid camera giving me hell!  agh!Went apple picking during hte weekend with family.  But now, I must return to reality and work my ass off on Columbus Day.  Yay...trying to do math hw but is distracted with other things like the shiny button on my sweater....  Shiny, i like shiny!having fun in the am.  i also have a midterm on physics in the next 7 hours.  good night peoples and wish me luck!FIRE DRILLLL!!!NYU Portaits: Voices of a People was AMAZING!!!  XD.goin' out tonight!  XD.never going home during the weekday ever again!  waking up at 6:30am is a memory i'd rather keep in the past, thank you.  *yawn*.raining sucks!  stupid wetness......5 page essay... Ready, set, go!!!!!!stupid laptop making "whir" sounds.  maybe hitting will make it better?  *laptop dies*  ....damn....gotz new shoes.  hooray!  ^o^.There has to be a better way to solve this else I die of fustration and disintegrate in my own rage.trecked through the wetness only to discover that class was canceled......Paper or Plastic.moop!had it all set up for the weekend.  now it's all ruined.  hopefully, a trip to the met, visit to a spa, and quality time in li will smooth out the wrinkles in this disatrous turn of events.  meh...FREEEDDDOOMMM!! Well, that is for now...finished one essay.  Another four-paged essay to go.  But first, a 3 hour nap. :3.joy and freedom in the love of God!didn't sleep 'til 6 am.  can't feel ma toes...the first snow in nyc!!!!!!!!!!  afijeljaldsfjasd  XD.To the dickwads who sat in the table next to me: Yeah, insulting me in Korean behind my back thinking that I wouldn't understand...  Go back into the recess of the fucking cess pool you fucking crawled out of, you dumb fucks!  Love, *PROPNAME*.in kimmel jamming, drinking free coffee, and writing 3 essays before 10 am tomorrow!  gonna die from brain overload.didn't sleep....tired.....probably gonna walk into traffic half-asleep. and the best part...i'm not done with that friggin' essay yet!watched Hot Fuzz, then proceeded to watch Comedy Central, and finally, chatted with a drunk dude and his friend while watching Reno 911!out of my mind with fustration and fatigue.  Oh, the life of a college student!waiting for vacation time to roll around.....i think this week of college just might kill me.nat. science final in a couple of hours....  more study or sleep?  argh, stupid test!!!more partying at sandra's sweet 16!!!!!!!!!!!!  can't wait!is wondering if she should even be here and if nyu was just a bad idea;  a very expensive bad idea....to the gallery!!!!!booga booga booga!  lol love courage!just chillin'.is going shopping for college stuff!  WOOO!!!hoping those leaving a safe trip and a lurvly Thanksgiving break.  Only a couple more hours to go!!!  XD.trying to write final papers in library... not working!  argh!!!HEADING ON HOME!!!!  YEA BITCHES!!!  LET THE WINTER GAMES BEGIN!  (after i finish my conwest final papers....  ugh!).ugh....tired...hw....essay....reading...blurghhl.retreat in a couple of hours... nervous.  meh!hauling stuff out and moving into nyu in several hours!!!!Snow, snow!  I love it so!!!!  XD  But getting to class is gonna be interesting...."If at first you don't succeed, find out if the loser gets anything."    -*PROPNAME*.it's so cold outside!!!  hot cocoa anyone?  :D.rofl how i'm using physics regents table to do college physics hw.  oh the irony.so tired....................................it might snow tonight.had a great time with friends, met some new peoples, and experienced one hell of a night!!!!randomness reigns supreme!the snow, the snow!  ahh the snow!!  oh if only if i were a few years younger...  i would spend the day with cups of hot chocolate and pummel my baby brother into the snow!lovin' "Neighbors Know My Name"- *PROPNAME* and lovin the thumpin of my heart and feet pounding on the dance floor!  been too long baby!SCHOOL'S CLOSED BIATCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!