ive come to the conclusion that some people are really just not worth it - grow up n learn to forgive xxx.bubbles n apple 2gether again woop :D.2 sleepovers in 2 days - both amazin but am now shattered :P good times :D.oh c\F3mo me gusta cantar y hablar espa\F1ol.Well done!! everyones done soo well so far n talk about energy :D - just 1 show left.media is kl :D.im in college yet im onb facebook - oh medias great :D.is fed up with messin with the relationship status n is goin to upload pics :D.wow y do i always seem to have massive convos over the most simplest of things lol.soy feliz :D.today was gd fun - was kl seein ppl :D.that took 4ever!is very happy - for myself n for charlotte woop :D  p.s. cheers for the car lol :P.ppl please stop sendin messages - ur ovloadin facebook :P ahhh its gay.Not really sure y everyone was so dissapointed by the HP film - i thought it was rather gd :D.yayness - i am happy :) :).was pretty awesome 2night guys :) - cheers n yay for cars :P.eatin out of date chicken n out of date cucumber  :S  oh dear.had fun last night - was a gd party n other stuff etc etc :P.weeekend :).really hopin this campin thing isnt goin to be as bad as im imaginin - no msn, n minimal hygiene *hides* bye ppl see u in 3 days!is gettin rather annoyed at her innability to concentrate n get this one piece of business work finnished grrr - is resisting goin on msn though.grrrr bloody personal statement - have spent about 4 hours on it now n still have to get rid of 3 lines - its takin just as long to delete parts as it did to write the whole thing :( :(.mi novio aprende espa\F1ol - que bonito impresionante :).feels like sleepin all the way to monday.My party was brilliant so thanku everyne who came :) - thanx also too everyone who gave me a gift or card they are all amazing and very lovely, so cheers :) xxx.Yay for tomorrow :P.Smile :).BYE PPL! spt has again been amaze n cant wait till next year! Especially bye to *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, n *PROPNAME* - though im sure ill see u all again at some point! Have a great holiday!!! xxxx.n now its all over :( - cant get seasons of love out my head though lol  was a pretty gd night tbh :).wats better than a cookie?... a GIANT cookie loool mmm yum :).muy infeliz.Feliz navidad!! xxx.Thanku sooooo much everyone for my birthday comments - im very happy :) xxxx.Ohhh theres so many gd things to look forward tooo - cant wait!   :D.abburido...facebook is all changed - i swear it wasnt that long ago i came on here!Wooo - i am so very happy :D.