I have no water right now. WHY.Ecco la marcia ...la marcia marcia arcia cia a...just watched Der Rosenkavalier for the first time OH MY GOD.*PROPNAME*... D: *PROPNAME* too?ITURBI.*PROPNAME*, it's like you aimed just left of funny.saw Corialanus at the Globe today. Now where's Dido?anyone know of a good recording of L'elisir D'amore? Everything I've listened to so far has been sort of crap crap crap UNA FURTIVA LAGRIMA crap crap crap crap crap. I know it's the hit song but god is there a recording that's good as a whole unit anywher.Finished Steppenwolf. Not for everybody.just watched *PROPNAME* as *PROPNAME*, something that has forced me to revise my previous low opinion of him. It was great! Right up there with Philip Langridge and *PROPNAME*, which I understand is weird to say seeing as he came first of all. But sti.1. On campus housing TOO EXPENSIVE. 2. There is no fat or sugar in this house how is life possible. 3. So many stupid looking dogs SO MANY STUPID LOOKING DOGS.oh huh, this is 4th of July weekend coming up? Probably not the best time to try coming up..."*PROPNAME* Teaches Trying?" *PROPNAME*, sometimes in your ceaseless effort to provide a slightly more depressing take on various topics, you come up with a bit of a stretch.Hi Chicago, what's up.just saw Thirst. It was dark when I got out, and I was by myself, so I jogged part of the way home. Hell if I know why...scary wouldn't really be the word for that movie I don't think...well that didn't work.Oh right, there is a diction exam tomorrow. Huh.*PROPNAME* more convincing as the king than *PROPNAME*? Wow... I mean he's good and all, but I sure know one source of reviews to ignore now.Wow, *PROPNAME* was very small.Hahahha Mad Men. "You can't sing." "Take that back...I quit the Tigertones because I had mono." "I am so high right now." hahaahaha.after months of failure, I am going to try to come up to LA for a day before everybody disappears. I'm thinking this Friday?Novelists sure don't like the suburbs.Dead Like Me is such a fun concept executed so...disappointingly.yes yes what a fun thing....is gonna be eating various kinds of wraps for every meal for a while now.Refrigerator: "Drrrrrr" Lights: "Flicker...".Okay, songs for bass//low baritone and orchestra: Songs and Dances of Death The Vagabond Le Bal Masque Old American Songs Ich Habe Genug The Ravel and Ibert Don Quixote cycles then all those Mozart concert arias what else?My first thought was "wow, everybody is having birthdays at once...what a coincidence!" Then I remembered all of those profiles we made for Threepenny...wishes people could just agree on one perfect technique and have done with it!slept so much last night.WOAH, tough day! GO GO GO REGROUP DOMINATE AHHHHH.It's surprising how much better *PROPNAME* makes everything.In The Loop on Opera: \93It's just vowels, subsidized foreign f***ing vowels.\94 Hahahahaha.Hmm...it might finally be time to get a coat.feels pretty ooky, but is going to try to power through and sing in everything tomorrow anyway. Good idea? Let's watch!Every time I log in to something and I see one of those checkboxes next to the words "Remember Me," I can't help but think - ever so briefly - "but ahhhhh, for-r-ge-et my faaate.".No more student tickets for opening night at the lyric opera! Hmm... How unmissable is tomorrow going to be? I'm thinking I may go anyway.Wow, major insomnia attack. Might be a nocturnal weekend.stupid light vegetable and noodle soup you are the worst soup have you not heard of flavor i bet you've never even heard of the gym.hmm how far is it reasonable to go to get a hard to find arrangement that you really want?"What's on your mind?" summer programmmms.glerc blech hack hakk kkrrr.ugg calling in sick is a surprising amount of work.it's a bird, it's a plane, it's a BIRDPLANE.god I can't even look at nfcs. confused enough as it is!oh my god rice cookers are incredible."The eternal passion stretches me apart" ---> "The eternal puhsshuun stroechuuz muh apoooooohh!" Music by *PROPNAME*. Revisions brought to you by the letter F.*PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are doing Dr. *PROPNAME*'s *PROPNAME* Songs? eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!Does anyone else spend waaay too much time worrying about what aria to start an audition with? Or is it an irrelevant point and I'm just stupid? Grrrrrr.Was just blown away by a Schumann symphony...what? I don't know what to believe anymore...oww my back...today i'm like 70 or something.just lost an hour to scramble when he should have been packing. How are people getting such high scores? Ahhhh.so happy! dum duh duh DA dadadada dm dm dm dm.Haha the *PROPNAME* montage where he's talking about how he's a great leader and a really nice person and they're juxtaposing it with all these clips of him being a jerk... so perfect! He's still one of the guys I'm rooting for though.ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh go go go go go.is on a SERIOUS hans hotter kick right now...recovery is uncertain...[h?-lo? ?-v??-ba-di hau a? ju].It's pretty amazing how many hours are required to organize a presentation that is going to last no more than twenty minutes. This would be so much simpler if I could just call Haydn as a witness.I finally went grocery shopping. Picked up a small piece of raclette, not knowing what it was, because I wanted something to put on crackers. Turns out it is supposed to be melted over a flame or special grill and then immediately scraped onto some kind of bread. Whyyyy did I get such a difficult cheese? Will just putting it right on a pan or toasting it somehow work? I guess we'll see!Streeterville? Wrigleyville? Printer's Row? What is this.just ate a ton of sugar woaaahhh... Explain to me again why I'm not ripped?hungry and got no food but it is cold out so I don't want to go out to get it! Instead I plan to put Safety Dance on repeat. yes yes i will be fed by the power of dance in a strange medieval town.realized today he had no idea what was in eggnog, and looked it up, secretly expecting to find that it was made from something horrible. It is actually made of far more wonderful ingredients than I ever could have imagined!was a huge baby when he had his wisdom teeth out a few years ago. Just splayed out on the couch whining constantly. His sister, however, had them out today and treated it like it was nothing!Airplane time soon, it's a vehicle that flies, but that's not important right now. Hahahahahah...hahah...Reading Rainbow was cancelled? Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.Time to get my final wisdom tooth out :(.Why is there rain everywhere???passed all three of his entrance exams for theory and history yessss.Visiting LA on Tuesday!After the competition, went to the zoo. THE ZOO. Talked to THE ANIMALS. "Oh my God, look at you! You are tiny! HAHA you are a FROG! Oh wow high five frog.".was PERFECTLY noctural today. My sleep schedule is the worst it has ever been ever! Ugggggggggg...Hooo...this semester...am I right guys? Wild!Wow, *PROPNAME*...I've never heard anything quite like that in person! My search for similar sounds has led me to *PROPNAME*, so very productive post-concert internet session. SO COOL.I just dreamed the mob kidnapped me and was forcing me to host a toothpaste infomercial. The draw for the toothpaste is that it was used by athletes in the Olympics. I kept getting all the names and locations wrong because nobody told me what they were. A burly guy in a suit was getting pretty upset cause we were stopping so much. He was on the roof for some reason. The set looked suspiciously like my backyard. Huh.cooked with shiitake mushrooms for the first time today. they're so smelly!