is excited for July 3rd.is rather enjoying her little vacation in Oshkosh.Is getting married in a little over a month.isn't sure what to think about things.is waiting for August 28th at 4:15. Horray for the beginning of the rest of my life!has cold feet.is terribly confused. It feels like my mind is warring with itself...is thinking hard and excited for her new Xanga layout!thinks pipe tobacco is way better than cigarettes.doesn't know how to cope with all of this stress... I think I've cried about 10 times in the last 3 days...continues to befuddle herself.was NOT able to push her wedding date back to the fourth of September. The presiding judge was full-up. The date remains August 28th at 4:15.is sick.....still. And possibly jobless in 2 weeks. That is, if no more positions open up for me at Wal-mart.hopes that wal-mart hires her, now realizing her blouse was open during part of the interview.maybe a kitty would be a good christmas gift for *PROPNAME*....still getting over that cold from last week.... but hey at least everyone's laid off the "quit smoking!" bit....is at home on her first scheduled day off. And I'm bored out of my mind.is still rather fluish.is thinking that the poor girls doing that "single ladies" are getting dissed too much. I've seen younger girls doing lewder dances with less clothes. Seriously.would work a spell if not for the moon being void of course...is sick and tired of people who comment on every SINGLE status update, no matter how INSIGNIFICANT. We've been here before, you know who you are.is having a little boy!bought her 2010 Farmer's Almanac today.... horray for not having to write down every single sunrise, sunset, moonrise, moonset, and void of course pattern for next year! wOOt!stayed home from work to take care of her hubby. By the way, the yorkie babies are so ADORABLE!thinks that she needs some numbers from friends.needs someone to drink for her on Dec. 12th since I'm pregnant and can't... lol.6 more days.... I'm counting down! And bah on all you snow-haters. All I know is I don't have to shovel this year, thanks to my loving hubby. Thank you hubby :).is still sick. Oh well.hm, low-signal internet? works for me.I don't want to miss this weekend, but i might have to.... shitty weather and my hubby can't work today.... I think I might cry cause I really, REALLY wanted to go..... why did I ask for snow? I only wanted a little!Finally! Snow in Reedsburg. I'm so happy there's gonna be snow on my birthday!just woke up to half an inch of snow and is so happy, she's going outside in her pajamas to sweep it off her porch! That's no sarcasm folks..... I'm really excited. :) 5 days!is a little upset about the amount of snow, and hopes she gets enough birthday money to visit her parents this weekend.Well, Reedsburg certainly has an interesting way of plowing the streets..... 2 more days.feels 8 months pregnant.... but really I'm only 5 1//2.....wonders if its just coincidence that mine and my best friend's birthdays are EXACTLY twoo weeks apart.Classes start 1//26 at 1:30 pm. I'm so excited!is eating stroganoff, waiting for her hubby to come home and then maybe some sleep.6 more days.... I'm counting down!The siren in Reedsburg keeps going off. It's not the normal noonblast siren, it sounds like an air-raid siren and continued for 10 minutes. Can anyone tell me how to find out what the damn things mean?SLEEP>WAKE UP>EAT>MORE WALLS AND FLOORS!wishes vampire wars didn't take so long to put monies and energy back to your character.TAPS then bed....Sends out yuletide greetings to all her friends! I love you all and have a very merry holiday!More walls! More floors! I need to make the sims 2 even more amazing!!!!Hopes no one else bought a baby book for *PROPNAME*... I'm up to three now!Going to grandma b's for dinner, then to sheboygan falls tomorrow... .what a busy weekend.Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes and the cards. You guys made last week special. :).Greatly dislikes the USPS. They damaged my christmas card :(.4 days folks, then up to mercer with my son and my loving hubby. I love you, hubby :).Had a wonderiferous birthday. :).is drowsy still... at least I managed to get 8 hours of sleep last night... a rarity these days.found out The Used put out a new album this past year. How did I miss that one?is a little upset about not being able to get a good connection all day. I'll try again tonight....Cody's car is GHEY.work on the forum is done for today..... now time to get lunch for me, connor and the baby and watch Wall-E again.....going to be another long and boring week. So glad i don't have to go anywhere for a few months after this weekend.Wishes she could post her awesome playlist to gaia but can't figure out the coding for it.actually got some good sleep for once :).knows what connor got from her.... he is such a little drama king, screaming bloody murder at time-outs!sleepy...... >.> Working on the forum.ugh... i hate this. Why is sleep such an issue when you're pregnant?hates facebook, the internet, and her monitor.is unloved <//3.hopes they schedule her C-Section at her doctor's appointment on Wednesday.Tommorrow, I turn 21. I'm super excited. And I can't wait for 4 pm to roll around..... Mercer, here I come!It never fails... I go to lay my son down for a nap and someone inevitably begins pounding on something, making it impossible for him to sleep.They got me.... those darn Zynga games..... so addicting.....3//3//10 *PROPNAME* is coming!i need a massage. Now. Any takers?I should have gone to bed earlier than 1:30 am..... guess I forgot that *PROPNAME* was going to be up at 7....hubby is sick, connor is crabby..... I'm just tired.finally found out who got her hubby and kid sick... and is pissed that she didn't find out until her son started puking.has discovered that is an AWFUL idea to sleep on her back.Getting my son to take a nap is like pulling teeth.well, my kid and *PROPNAME* are better now..... just waiting for it to hit me...I WANNA PLAY GF!I think my part of the RP forum is done... we will need some moderators so anyone interested please send a meassage to me on here and I will get you set up with an account and send a linky.... thanks!Pali Tank FTW!absolutely HAS to remember to call MATC and drop her class.I'll be back tomorrow, I'll be back at a quarter to eleven. I'm half drunk and I can't see straight, I hear a zero with a capital "Z". You got me singing songs from the balcony as the city crumbles under the powers of an evil doctor rocket science monster with capabilities to destroy the entire universe.PANTS ON THE GROUND! PANTS ON THE GROUND! LOOKING LIKE A FOOL WITH YOUR PANTS ON THE GROUND!sleepy.......TAX REFUND!City of Angels hads reconfirmed my belief that *PROPNAME* is AWESOME.is tired.spent another sleepless night tossing and turning, only to get up at 9 am and deal with a kid who, I swear, has the loudest, most ear-piercing scream I have ever heard (and uses it). To top it all off, I got a call from the clinic saying that I'm anemic, and they want to put me on yet ANOTHER iron supplement that I can't afford. FTW.going to the in-laws for dinner then home for the evening.can finally be on the net at the same time as her husband.... hooray!is feeling it. >.>.doesn't want every status commented on. once in a while is fine but EVERY status? It's starting to get annoying. You know who you are.has a naughty son.tried to shovel. It was a bad idea.it's been a good week.is feeling better after sleeping on clean sheets.Tell me that you're all right, and everything is all right.Only one level left on Grand Fantasia, then I am a Palidin!had a great holiday. Hopes the new year will bring better luck....new profile image..... and the funny thing is, now that i think about... *PROPNAME* IS a lot like *PROPNAME*.....To celebrate Valentine's Day, change your  profile picture to you and your spouse//significant other, and make sure  to tell how long you've been together!thinks both her and her husband have sleep apnea.My net sucks big, hairy, red man-balls. ARGH!I am the eggman, they are the eggman, I am the walrus! Coo Coo Cachu!smells justice has been served. What goes around comes around, and it definately came around for you, *PROPNAME*!