back to reality.Some phone no. from San Ramon called and I was excited to answer as I thought it was the school district, only to hear that they were looking for a *PROPNAME*. Boo :// ...*PROPNAME*.working on a few art projects ;D Ideas//Inspirations//Dreams are welcomed! ...takes a hike.*crossing fingers*.will try my hands at sushi makin' :p.No matter what, you've got to strut.wants to practice her markswoman skills. Wonders if there are any archery classes in this neck of the woods ...      D------ -.Dad tells me that he listens to "Gin and Juice" on his way to work sometimes. I lol'd....98.1 Golden Oldies ;).is happy Southwest found her luggage today!Dirt Divas championships, then off to Denver!Someone give Lady Gaga a bandaid!!!"Baby I've got you on my mind..." O_<.When one door closes, another one opens...is no longer at *PROPNAME*.Can't wait for Casablanca theme night!!Walgreens all out of the flu vaccine...Plan B...vitamins(?).Guy in a "peace-sign" truck tailgates then cuts me off on the freeway. Some act of kindness a-hole.Student: Can I turn this assignment in late and still get full credit? Ms. T: Nope. Student: I'll give you an apple? Ms. T: Too cliche. Student: ..How 'bout a pineapple?is really excited about arranging and decorating the classroom today :p.the classroom didn't feel like a sauna or smell like sweaty sock-house today. Whoohooo!dreaming in color.needs to fight off this cold o_O.is drinking ice tea by the pool ... like a boss.About to use my new alarm clock that projects time on the ceiling ;p Laziest thing ever and I'm gonna love it!Brother says I look like a Russian spy right now. lol!Feels like punching something. What should it be?I'm just sippin on chamomile...hopes it will snow in Concord again this week. That was the highlight of the day for sure!doesn't like it when things don't go according to plan, but is grateful for her ability to improvise :p.Visiting mah' parents...ready to play Beatles Rockband with muh' brothas. haha.Fun time with BG at "Nightlife" Academy of Science. Drinking some wine, gazing at stars, observing an albino alligator, and dancing to some bongo-beats! Craazy mix.Congratulations to *PROPNAME*, 2009 Graduate! Whoohooo! Keep reachin' for the stars broder :D.getting organized.Good deal on my New Years 'fit and my first good pair of 4 inch pumps! Lets see if I survive the night...haha.wants an ice cold beer!!Going to the golfing range with Papa-Diddy Pops :).just as I remembered...rockclimbing is the shizz! Now I'm amp'd for the work week. ;D.s feeling good :)."But he was able to understand one thing: making a decision was only the beginning of things.".Get up and get out."Forever young, I wanna be, forever young...".looking forward.