is taking a nap and dreamin of *PROPNAME*.is going on a road trip to CO! wish me luck.is going to have rocky mountain dreams.is very angry that she cant figure out how to get pictures up of my super awesome colorado trip.wants to escape.hates being sick... wheres my miracle cure? please send if you find it.is taking advantage of dollar pitchers at the public house... call to join me on this awesome deal.is desperately bored..entertain me please.went camping and canoeing for the weekend :).is going to be a great SIU groupie.has a 2X2 bruise from falling at legends...largest i can remember ever having. ow.anyone doing anything earlier tonight? call me im lonely :).can't believe shes not returning to the u of i.is loving that The Santa Clause with tim allen is on tv, great 90s classic.is wondering what everyones doing tonight.. and can i invite myself? lol.never thought helping with burning gift wedding cds would be so terribly difficult.woke up to the terrible olympic news :(.is so careful, i cant move.is bored in her own home... come and save me.tryed to buy a car at LISTED price and still couldnt... i dont understand the car industry.have to admit... zombieland was pretty good.anyone have my gray wool coat? or remember the last time you saw it last night.... opps.loving the drunk messages i got tonight! hilerious.. love my friends.would love a rainbow race right now! :(.can see the strike at u of i on the quad cam... first good use of this thing.U of I or Bust! call me if your in chambana please :).i am uneligible for car insurance bc of the other people i live with... great.has a farmers tan.went into the shower with my new watch..oops.is excited for the best holiday of the year... Dranksgiving at the Dupage Inn. call to join the festivus.finds it funny that the rule of the road change to survival in the snow storm.is wondering whats happening for the weekend.being sick is terrible.heading to the Paign for tomm night... better be ready."beer bong for my lady?" what gentleman are on the wisconsin river.