cage match: nyquil versus summer cold. ONE NIGHT ONLY! who will be victorious?excited for the wilco show tomorrow!would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes and death threats it means alot.i better pay the library 3.60 or the man is coming to my house.framed roger rabbit.great victory over the cold.is almost 26!taking the Friday train to weekend town.survived the fair it was a good time.WILCO OR BUST YEEHAW!!1!!11.preparing for another day of boiling.is enjoying some tahoe sunshine.is off to dreamland.Tahoe, Here we come!had a great weekend thanks to everyone who showed for the terrible t-shirt party.GI JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOE!the spice exists in all of us.is convinced that work causes gradually increasing brain damage to the point that at 5:00PM he is unable to form complete sentences or recognize faces.The King of Pop is dead. :(.Lakers: Raised to the 5th Power.Happy 4th of July People!sacrificial furniture pit out side of my house. If anyone wants a dresser, couch, or portable AC unit. Stop by the palace in petaluma.is playing real life tetris with moving boxes.MOVERAMA! part 5: Our intrepid heroes are beset on all sides by tragedy as the movers have backed the truck into a car. Will our courageous cast live to see Novato, or will their new living quarters be the Marin County Home for The Destitute and Ill-At-He.patch//paint//spackle attack.pack up the boxes, move the boxes, unpack the boxes, live out of boxes, box the boxes. BOX BOX WR#T%R$TY%RYHtg!@##$$#.as the laziest man on earth, moving makes me sad.hide away!loves summer evenings.after along sleepless week, I am pulling my old man card and going to bed before 12:00 on a Friday nights. Now if I can just find my dentures and cane.dinner with *PROPNAME*!MOVERAMA! part four: My floor is my bed, my dresser is in the garage, and I have set fire to all non essentials. Now comes periods of existential dread and sheer ecstasy as my house collapses in on itself.looking forward to checking *PROPNAME* out of the the post-bar mental institution. Congrats to all you bar -takers out there!well i am confident i got more spackle and paint on myself than the wall, but we both do look fabulous!Dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. Give yourself peace of mind. You deserve to be happy. You deserve delight. *PROPNAME*.phish at shoreline tonight.Lakers can haz championship!The King of Pop could be dead :(.is baking cookies in his room...because it is an oven.just got his marin county library card. Let the nerdery commence!is Sleepy McSleeperson.Compassion alone stands apart from the continuous traffic between good and evil proceeding within us. *PROPNAME*.gym=the hurt.no sleep make brain work bad.just tested curb hopping the subaru with *PROPNAME* in SR. I laughed so hard I think I broke something.Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. *PROPNAME*.Hamlet: And therefore as a stranger give it welcome. There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy. Hamlet Act 1, scene 5, 159\96167.looking forward to all the terrible t-shirts!back at the Petaluma Palace.left his heart in san francisco and thus had a massive coronary arrest upon exiting the city.dugout bar tonight. Live it.Love it.up in Tahoe and there is not a cloud in the sky. Its a beautiful day to be alive.oh the hazards of love.once more unto the breach...back from magical nappy-noo land. Man did I need it.doing the walk through with the landlord today. An epic battle of wills commences.July 4th=Extra servings of gaperade.looking forward to spamalot.is ready for a nappy-noo.MOVERAMA! Final Act: Despite devious brigands, terrifying creatures, and a run in with a band of pygmy cannibals, our loyal cast has finally arrived in the principality of Novato!When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves. Viktor E. Frankl.out of the mountains and into the bay.of to the dentist to get work done on the grill.purging the non-believers from the itunes library.is excited for the fair. Cotton candy, shady carnies, and rides that fall apart as you ride them.off to the mountains to visit the peeps!To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub;.come one come all *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are playing britfest in Truckee. Its a guaranteed good time!moverama round three: this time the whole world is moving, at least inside my head.getting down with the sickness  :(.the headache gremlin is back.Happy Father's Day to the Old Man and the rest of you Dad's out there!is out of Petaluma in a month and down to novato. Camp Lotsafun is shutting down :(.is glad his room is now a little cooler than the surface of the sun.after this week The Move will finally be at an end thank you sweet Jesus.time to step out of the internet and get some sun.my brain=monday molasses.wireless card beats wireless adapter thank god for steady internetz.setting the lazyometer to 11.monday night malaise."Hell is empty And all the devils are here" - William Shakespeare, The Tempest, 1.2.Friday I'm in love.its going to be a boiling, yet beautiful day.wistfully working.ready for nappy noo time.hanging with the parental units.monday morning why do you come on so strong?shakespeare in the park not a bad way to spend a sunday.We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.  ~*PROPNAME*.tis a lovely night for a stroll.razzle dazzle cafe zazzle!I enjoy Thursdays masquerading as Fridays.portland was fun but its good to see the sun.after months of procrastinating, I am finally  watching the last season of battlestar galactica.the teeth are now in open revolt. I must make an appeal to the dentist  tomorrow to quell political unrest.insurance just checked in to see what condition my pre-existing condition was in.oh Portland, how i love thee.Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.  *PROPNAME*.I fought the box and the box won :(.grumpy mcgrumperson.whiskey a go-go!bills for my grill.We are the music-makers, And we are the dreamers of dreams *PROPNAME*.i can haz dinner?drink em if ya got em. Its the big one today.giants game tonight.finally feeling somewhat moved in. It might be a miracle folks!Only Robinson Crusoe had everything done by Friday.  ~Author Unknown.my body doth protest about the gym.Sol Food For Lunch!is getting disturbed by the deer in the meadow. They seem to be edging ever closer...they can smell fear.sleepy mcsleeperson.All great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning. Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door. *PROPNAME*.mondaze.just got tickets to the phish show at shoreline!the dentist man cometh at 12:00.well after being moved in for months I finally hung up some pictures.  go go lack of motivation!grilling and good beer. A pretty awesome way to spend a saturday night.We are at the very beginning of time for the human race. It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. But there are tens of thousands of years in the future. Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on. *PROPNAME*.mondazed.monday morning brain is broken.i is teh tired.breaking the intarnetz.being on a diet means I have to eat such strange things as fruit and vegetables, who would have thought?hardly strictly tomorrow may we all have fun and make it out alive.Friday afternoon catatonia.made it back from the festival. A coupla of bee stings and whiskey draught and some awesome tunes...what an awesome day.the tooth uprising has been quelled thanks to the loyalist forces of the dentist. My mouth remains a politically intact less painful region.beestings still itch like its going out of style. docta says I need a beeiotomy.The robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief.  ~William Shakespeare, Othello.the teeth are rebelling.season 3 of dexter is keeping it pretty real.yeah steelers!nappy noo time.it was so cold this morning I am pretty sure that I hallucinated polar bears and penguins on the way to my car.trying out chrome for the first time seems pretty quick on the uptake.if the itching continues from the stings I am just going to go with amputation peg legs are in fashion.the new muse album is awesome.and with the onset of autumn comes the autumn cold. fml.boise idaho or bust.got a bronze medal for the mps run!Boise, Idaho Day 3. French Fries are happiness deep-fried.having no bay bridge makes me sad.has won the  nobel prize for procrastination and ineptitude thank god they made some new categories this year.its a hot one folks.kind of digging the weird weather today.back in cal woo hoo!after a crazy week of travelling finally back in ca.looks like it is time to convert the old subaru into a rowboat. My name is Captain *PROPNAME*.Hey All The Good Old Tahoma Lodge now has a fan page. Please join to support Boyce and Kay, or to remember the good times.the spice exists in all of us.breaking the internet.happy halloween people try not to mix the booze and the candy too much!setting the lazy dial to 11.we could go gently into the good night, or we could have a drink and toast the coming dawn.waiting for november to get the cold weather memo.In Cal for one day then back out to see the family in Portland. Vagabonds R Us.it smells like a sulfur vent has opened underneath our building. Next comes volcanic ash and burning.kevin smith tonight!Thor the Thunder God is knocking at my door.its opening day at *PROPNAME* Memorial Park for Cold Season! BOO! :(.beam me up scotty!october is a packed festival month! hardly strictly this wknd, then onto treasure island in a coupla weeks!bee stings itch.\93Speed is not part of the true Way of strategy. Speed implies that things seem fast or slow, according to whether or not they are in rhythm. Whatever the Way, the master of strategy does not appear fast\85.Of course, slowness is bad. Really skillful people never get out of time, and are always deliberate, and never appear busy.\94  *PROPNAME*.Not what we have But what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance. Epicurus.Boise, Idaho day 2. Where there is hope, there is potatoes.HARDLY STRICTLY OR BUST!ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ.good times in the mountains. Now I return to do battle with the nefarious arch-villain monday.Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.\94 Steve Jobs.my immune system is battling the cold. There is most uncivil war going on in the body. Collateral damage may be my ability to breathe and form coherent sentences.kevin smith and halloween this wknd. shaping up to be a big one.my body doth protest about ye olde basketballe yesterday. At least we gave the youngsters a good beat down.the hour doth approach.monday night madness at work. Ask not for whom the work bell rings, it rings for *PROPNAME*.art show! Someone might mistake us  being sophisticated.sleep good. me like sleep.cold but sunny here in the mountains.good times up in the northern reaches. Hoping everyone is still intact from Santarchy.Be content to seem what you really are. *PROPNAME*.the endorphin rush of going to the gym after three weeks of being fat and lazy is a nice change of pace.mexican standoff with monday tomorrow at 8:00AM.holiday party: This means even Santa is going to drink.congrats to the newly weds!going up to the halls of the mountain king to see if he has any turkey to offer. Happy Turkey day to all of you out there in the interwebs :).everyone has their own anodyne.happy holidays everyone.doctor says i need a backiotomy from all this moving.If the children don't grow up Our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up We're just a million little gods causing rainstorms  Turning every good thing to rust.gypsies have carried the furniture off into the night."We are the music makers,And we are the dreamers of dreams,Wandering by lone sea-breakers,And sitting by desolate streams;\97World-losers and world-forsakers,On whom the pale moon gleams:Yet we are the movers and shakersOf the world for ever, it seems." *PROPNAME*.Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet.  *PROPNAME*.I get on the road to Tahoe tomorrow to do battle with tourists, the law, and this fat elf man with reindeer that everyone keeps talking about.Most of our platitudes notwithstanding, self-deception remains the most difficult deception. The tricks that worked on others count for nothing in that very well-lit back alley where one keeps assignations with oneself: no winning smiles will do here, no prettily drawn list of good intentions. - *PROPNAME*.currently addicted to the latest Wilco album.gotta love it when they seal the floors in the building and there is no ventilation. I predict general sleepiness and permanent brain damage by noon.Hutchins Ahoy!I wantz to see avatar in 3d.There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness. Dalai Lama.back to work tomorrow. If I can remember where I work and what I did for work before the year ended.Metaphysics is a restaurant where they give you a thirty thousand page menu, and no food. *PROPNAME*.this new diet has opened a whole new world of cuisine. tonight's dish prisoner-of-war stew with beans, rice, and more beans.the tax man cometh.fighting the good fight or at least trying.monday morning= broken brain."Beyond mountains there are mountains." - Haitian Proverb.\93Hell is empty and all the devils are here.\94 Shakespeare.cheer up emo kid.So it goes.When the student is ready, the teacher will appear. ... Buddhist Proverb.nothing like having stuff stolen out of your car to brighten your day. Go humanity!apparently my fb account emailed a bunch of people malware. If you received a facebook email from me with a  one line response and link to a website please disregard it and delete it.and now for somethign completely different.back in the habit.Friday why do you come on so strong?well survived the city and SFO in the pouring rain and managed to not get eaten by a sea monster all in all a good day.Good to see Tahoe kids pulling some medals. Congrats *PROPNAME*!We're the tattooed lady, and we're never going to have a minute's peace, the rest of our lives, until everybody else is tattooed, too."   - *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.   The world will miss you :(.