is going to Oslo tomorrow!Will be in a dress rehearsal tonight in preparation for the B\E5stad concerts with Musica Vitae. :).Happy Midsummer!!Wow! That was a really spicy lunch in \D8stersund! Time to walk it off.... ;).just ate delicious pizza after a busy and tiring day of walking around downtown Oslo, the Viking ship museum, Norsk Folkmuseum and beautiful new Opera house with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.Went to the Natural Science Museum and Imax theatre today. :).Practicing...Going to have a bbq tonight, and am off to Munich tomorrow. Yipee!is getting tired of staring at her computer screen, working on a TEFL course, and needs to take a break and go to the gym.working out, practicing, packing....Mmmm... good food after a long day of coachings and practice.mmm Espresso at Chocco cafe.had a wonderful week in Southern Sweden and Olso, and is heading North to the land of the midnight sun... next stop, Trondheim.is going to Prague tomorrow. ;).Was caught in a downpour while going for a long and pensive walk in the forest. :(.Back in Stockholm!going to the dentist to reverse the effects of continual coffee drinking.looking forward to visiting Prague again on Friday to pick up my Japanese visa.drinking hot tea with hyssop to alleviate sinus pressure from the large amounts of poplar fluff and pollen this week.is in Canada!is in Litomysl and loving every minute of it! ;).off to eat some yummy sushi!went to *PROPNAME*'s house (brother) for cedar-smoked walleye, yummy salad and potatoes, white wine and to see the International fireworks competition display-- tonight was a great presentation by China. :).was visited several times at home by cousin *PROPNAME* and family, Aunt *PROPNAME* and Uncle *PROPNAME* and the Kidds. Besides this, I am reading books, watching movies such as "What Women Want" and trying to organize suitcases for my move to Japan on Saturday. :).is performing tonight in the opening concert in Litomysl.walked from S:t Eriksplan to Gamla stan (after a work-out), around Gamla stan, and back via Sodermalm//Kungsholmen. Stockholm is beautiful!!Going to the hot springs for the HPAC opening party.very pleased with the Konami sports club membership-- a heated pool, running track, machines, weights, free athletic classes and a spa all in one package. :).Yoga cures nearly everything that ails.time to catch up on sleep...goodnight!safe and sound in Japan! :).going on a walking tour to the castle etc. of Osaka.walked around Takarazuka and Osaka today. :).Happy Canadian Thanksgiving!the weather suddenly snapped into Autumn.Pumped from working out at Konami, but is cramming Japanese for the lesson tomorrow.having fun drawing in solitude.took a personality test, and it said that I'm suitable to be a "supervisor.".The first week is always the hardest, right? If so, it won't be long before I'm whipped into shape-- I went to the Konami gym 5 times this week. :).Listening to opera, Brahms and browsing through amazon.com.Back from the Cello//Viola dinner party! :).Flight delayed by freezing temperatures in China, but arrived safely!very, very sleepy.preparing for her voyage across Eurasia... not over the pond this time. ;).my first typhoon experience ever is coming!!going with Eric to see Flickan som lekte med elden.The connecting flight was delayed yet again by a couple of hours in China, but I will go to bed and sleep for as long as it takes to recover!!Busy week with Rehearsals and 3 great concerts with Maestro *PROPNAME* and soloist *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* Violin Cto and Bruckner 7, bday party in Shinsaibashi Osaka, Konami gym, Japanese lessons, duets, Thanksgiving dinner, and soon to come: Universal Studios!feeling the burn in my shoulders and triceps from the gym.mmm...home-made pizza. :).To bed early with a splitting headache and goose-egg about two inches wide at the back.ate yummy salmon with pasta and veggies after a work-out @ Konami.looking forward to Christmas festivities!Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night!annoyed with the slow internet connection. :(.visited the Martinu museum.Happy New Year!Going to the gym again. :).wishing the rain would turn to snow for Christmas!off to buy more coffee.off to Japanese class within the hour-- have to stop surfing the web!!dragged herself out of bed to put out the cardboard that has been accumulating for more than 3 months! :).Leaving for the airport and flying to Norway tomorrow!Back from the gym, and looking forward to the New Year's party. :).It's Doppelg\E4nger week, in which Facebookers may change their profile pictures to someone famous their appearance has been compared to. POST TO UR PROFILE!Alive and well and drinking a lot of coffee to kick-start the day.coffee, music and home-made pizza.Made it through the first day of rehearsal after a long journey! :).excited to go to my first Japanese private lesson tomorrow.Up early to finish reading "The Prospector," and will leave soon to practice before working.Well rested after a week of jetlag, Taka City concert, various other rehearsals and a Yakitori party.loving the snow. :).