back in Carolina.just stepped foot in philly, unpackin... get at me if you're in town 336-906-0860.Quick run.is in NYC chillin out.facebook is entirely too distracting, cell me if ya need me.at the library knockin out some legal writing homework.busy busy.can't believe he's in law school right now and therefore actually a poor college student once again, yipee.@ the gym.YRARBIL."divine apathy, disease of my youth, watch that you don't catch it" "it says son, time is all.... the luck you need.".so wish i had the time to watch the Steelers stomp on the Bears."Sometimes we take chances, sometimes we take pills, I can write it better than you ever felt it".*Sigh*.checkin out the new gym."Great ambition and conquest without contribution is without significance."."I suggest we learn to love ourselves before it's made illegal"."chivalry has not timeline" - *PROPNAME* (haha what?!)."She checkin out my dougie like she's patty mayonnaise" ..... Really? People get paid to come up with this shit?  Second guessing my career path... shoulda been a rapper.  I could totally pull off a "grill".Leebrary.Torts... aka intro to ambulance chasing."Shit, I didn't pass the bar, but I know a little bit, enough where you won't illegally search my shit."."... it's a very dangerous time, the coalition for reason is extremely weak."."I feel stupid, but it's something that comes and goes".Sue: ok but change your pic on fb, it sucks <--- (my mother on facebook chat)  you know you look like shit when your own mother calls you out on it! lol.Quote of the day: "my ex had them...having saggy balls slap u during sex its the most discusting thing ever"."those left standing will make millions writing books on the way it should have been"."Funny the way it is when you think about it, one kid walks 10 miles to school while another's dropping out."."Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous" - Einstein."A perfection of means, and a confusion of aims, seems to be our main problem"."No. you said Filipino. That's a Nationality" , thank you Cam.The Headline Reads "The Defendant Hangs But The Jury Doesn't".memo-a-thon weekend, :).VILLANOVA WILDCATS > GEORGETOWN HOYAS.Where the *#%@ is my...... nm found it."tell me do you think it'd be alright if i just crashed here tonight? see I'm in no shape for driving and anyways I got no place to go...."."Grave digger, when you dig my grave, could you make it shallow, so I can feel the rain."."I'm like a lawyer with the way I'm always trying to get you off".