is hoping in vain for sunshine...finds a good mix of farming, socializing, and killing monsters to be very therapeutic.is sick?is sick, but not badly.believes that summer has indeed arrived.is excited about mural painting!has finally completely uploaded her Alaska pictures.feels old after watching the sixth Harry Potter movie.paints some more mural.is back from Alaska!is working on new profile pic as E-28.is having fun at work.is feeling odd.never realized that there was Boston Fashion Week.is looking forward to sunny Saturday in the park.proves to be awesome at picking out paint colors.needs to buy newer karaoke songs.has joined the Harvard Ballroom Team!was too busy watching Castle last night (fashion! murder! mayhem!) to upload pics.clearly needs to transfer new pictures from her camera to her computer.is sad to discover that 8+ hours of sleep is needed to keep this old(er) body going.is leaving work for some down-time before dance(!!!).Castle > shopping.feels satisfied with where she is in life for the first B(ig)day in a long time.is looking forward to Homecoming weekend.  :).has the most amazing friends ever.dislikes how utterly miserable the weather outside is.realizes that she probably can't afford (staying alive-wise) to pig out on sweets around Harvard Square everytime she has dance practice.does not like sickness.is at Amherst!!!sees that People's Republic of China turns 60 today, but finds Mom's birthday more important.is super excited that Merlin season 2 has started!!!brightens your day.has a long but exciting work day.wants more sunshine!s doctor is sick...so all her preparations for pain is not needed for another two weeks.is ready to kick some bacteria butt!wants *PROPNAME*'s dresses from the CMA.raked some leaves this weekend!wants buffalo chicken chowder for lunch.  :*(.wishes it was as warm out as the sunny blue sky with wispy clouds seems to indicate.is scared of the weather tomorrow.sill isn't friends with her flue vaccine...is sub-sub-optimal again.  :(.is using the excellent combination of juice and calories to tip the balance between sickness and health.wants to know who (is in Boston and) wants to see Avenue Q!This actually works!: The Facebook Trick: Press Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A, enter key then right click. Then press up then down & magic circles will appear! Put this as your status IF IT WORKED FOR YOU!needs to reset because the recent bout of failing Westerns clearly indicates there is a bug in the system.is ready for Baltimore!  (Is Baltimore ready for Hua?  Maybe not...).cannot speak due to throat pain.  This brings back memories of the first few days of school at Ramapo Middle.  Hopefully, this time there won't be racial slurs thrown around.gets to visit the Baltimore Aquarium again!!!invites you to feel the magic of the holidays by visiting the Harry Potter exhibit at Museum of Science Boston on Dec. 12 (Sat).is looking for her face again (where is that camera cord?!).now knows that flu vaccines are not friends.can speak again!  (As long as you ignore the occasional bouts of severe coughing.).needs to Wii Fit Plus more in order to stay in shape for dance (why yes, that does count).won't have any wisdom teeth left in 24 hours.  :(.thanks the kind soul who turned in her wallet, and dislikes whoever took $100 out (holiday shopping now looks a lot less happy).is feeling >70% and can stop letting work get delayed. (= happiness).is looking for a wallet...Bed, Bath, & Beyond shoppers//employees...please be kind and save it from being ravaged until I can go back to your shop.  T_T.thanks *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* for the gorgeous additions (especially the personalized jacket that she's showing off at work today) to her closet and the giant hole in her wallet. <3.has landed in Boston and is back at work.  :D.wishes all a very very awesome new year full of laughter and joy.is sad that she's shorter than the shortest semi-finalist on cycle 13 of ANTM (*PROPNAME*'s French accent is SCARY).wishes that her experiments would WORK when she's in the lab, especially when she's staying past normal going home time. D:.must eat lots of sticky and crunchy food before Thursday morning!is rehauling her facebook...warning...warning...information and photos may (dis)appear...is going to eat ice cream cake before lunch.  :D.has 28 teeth left.  At this rate of loss (2//decade), she'll be toothless by age 160...not too bad.  :| <--currently cannot grin//smile.is singing Christmas songs (to all of you!).is hungry.is going to see if Chinese dance is in her future.is already hard at work!is rewatching the first half of Knock Knock Loving You (the only portion worth watching).has sore muscles from dancing too hard this weekend.wants a nap.has finally made it to Part III of *PROPNAME*'s Immunobiology book.now believes in the "bad things come in threes" proverb.is super excited about the first day of dance practice!is awed by how 30 minutes can triple her RAM.  <3.is keeping her lab notebook up-to-date.hasn't yet watched this week's episode of Castle (and thus is failing at life!!!).must work hard today so that she can go home before the super heavy snowfall starts.plans to visit Orlando (Harry Potter! Sun!) during April's long weekend (go Patriot's Day!).