On her way to NOLA!Studying is cramping my style...Everyone should listen to Funhouse...best record I've heard in a long time!Wishing the lovely *PROPNAME* a Happy Birthday!Will be working for OCB two months from now! I cannot wait!Cannot believe the court is allowing the press to publish photos of MJ's kids....moving back to NOLA on the first...so little time.Wishing all of her friend the best of luck on the Louisian Bar Exam!The Law Graduates Prayer: God...if it's not too much to ask... May I pass the bar?Excited to see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* tonight, run *PROPNAME*, and see the weight fall off my butt!At Rue.Counting down the days till NOLA!Had an awesome fourth of July.5 days, until I leave Waco FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Finally going to get the car washed tomorrow!Scared of PC III and the bar...hopin and prayin.Cannot believe it is Wednesday already!Never getting gas before work again...Hoping to get out of her driveway.Cannot wait to see *PROPNAME* today!It's a hershey's day.WHO 'DAT!Takes home more from her monthly salary then she realized!GE = finally recovering...thank you jesus!working.Gettin ready for tommorrow!Getting her Bar application together...yes, it's that time of year again!is going on a deposition, my first real one with OCB!Most disgusting statistic I've ever heard: AVG NYC Model = 5'10, 110lbs....Stuyding for the MPRE!is a busy bee.Had a great time seeing everyone at OCB today!Excited to see that every stock in her portfolio outperformed market expectations!Torture= watching *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* stock the pantry 15 minutes after I decide to get serious about this diet...icky feeling = gone. Back to prancing through the office with a smile, and my usual excessive energy//need for adventure!a very happy girl!Rain is ruining my plans...best boss's lunch ever!phone = dead; chat with me here.Apparently applied to law school at Depaul today...at least that's what they tell me...Only 9 more pounds... why won't they go away?In our personal and professional lives, we are constantly hit with one adversity after the other, most of which we have no control over. But the four things we have total control over is how we react, how we adapt, how we breathe and how we take action.The only people who are more entertaining then rappers are wannabe rappers. (See *PROPNAME*).***Attention-Houston area ANIMAL LOVERS! Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow. You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. They will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! Go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. Please re-post.***.Is looking to join junior league of New Orleans, anybody know who to contact?Thanking everyone for all the birthday love. Now, how 'bout them saints!? I am in need of a place//people to watch with tonight... any takers?Exact words when renewing DL: Me: Oh no, you can't take my license, It's my 25th b-day. How am I going to get into the bar? DMV: We gonna give you a new one over there Me: But, it won't have my picture and stuff on it.  Dmv:  Hold up, we can take a picture of your picture and put it on a license i think. (yelling at co-worker to see if this can be done) Yup! Me: So, I can go to the bar?! Dmv: (sigh) Yeah girl!is believing the best in others, because the Dove candy wrapper says so, betch!Anyone know a good place for me to kennel my dog for thanksgiving// willing to dogsit?Congratulations to all of my friends, especially *PROPNAME*, who passed the Lousiana bar, and for those of you who didn't, I'll be taking Barbri this february...so we can study together like old times!Thanksgiving!Rather enjoying her last day as a 24 year old.Enjoying this beautiful Sunday in Audubon park!Swearing in!Studying for the bar, please pray for me.bar...Cheese fries!Happy Thanksgiving!Getting ready for NYC.Happy New Year!Studying for the bar, less then 1 month!Must find time to go XMAS Shopping...ahhh!white.Apt = clean.  Now, coffee and Barbri!Q: Will *PROPNAME* be going to Miami to watch the saints win the superbowl?  A: No, No she will not, she will be parked in her room studying for the bar exam...who's idea was it to move the test up two weeks?  hmmm....hmmmm... fml :(.Seems to be attracting incompetence today...Going to *PROPNAME* to take down the LA bar and hoping she doesn't become a bad statistic!Who 'dat!Geaux Saints!