is not surprised the states most utilizing their natural energy endowments are facing the smallest budget gaps for the upcoming fiscal year. California: your move.wonders, what's the use of having a bulwark against cloture if you can't exercise party discipline anyway.is reading his packet for law school orientation. This is all very exciting and petrifying at the same time.sends his blessings to those who keep the embers of freedom alight. Happy Independence Day!awoke to an email stating: "Starting in 2010, the US Department of Education will be requiring significant changes in the way educational institutions collect and report race//ethnicity data. Accordingly, on July 19, 2009, LSAC changed the race//ethnicity d.always looks on the bright side of life: our Supreme Court will now be two-thirds Catholic.is highly amused. The comparisons between *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, as well as claims of her narcissism, are a classic case of psychological projection. (*PROPNAME*, really? Just how frightened are they of this woman?) The MSM are actually referring to no.rarely ever gets sick. Hopefully this will pass quickly.was happy to learn it wasn't a furlough but a scheduling mistake that created the lapse. Back to work tomorrow.is attending the Royal Fireworks Festival & Concert tonight at Riverfront Park.is feelin' much better (and stronger everyday).is now on (the) twitter. This had better be worth it.is reminded of the underpants gnomes when listening to the HHS Secretary ignore clear evidence that socialized medicine won't lower health care costs.came home to a box of Panda licorice, a favorite. I feel loved."I may be limping, but I'm coming home".is wishing his Kitty a happy (and momentous) two-month anniversary.""All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." - *PROPNAME*.wonders, with all this righteous indignation over a terrorist assassination program and change in tactics from pursuing the Taliban to protecting the population, when did this stop being a war?is on the road again and deeply saddened to be separated from the Kitty for the rest of the week.has on his soothsayer cap: [One day, parents who send their children to "super-gold-plated-Cadillac" private schools will pay additional taxes to cover the educational expenses of lower income families].is doing a little catch-up work but excited to start school tomorrow.R.I.P. *PROPNAME*.is steadily developing an iron butt. And no, he hasn't been to the gym lately.will concede health care is a moral issue when the same proponents acknowledge abortion is immoral.is pleased the American people will now have the time to read the government-run health care bill or have it interpreted for them. Apparently, this is a luxury our representatives (and President) couldn't find the time in their busy schedules to accomplis.is one lucky guy. First class, first day as a 1L and I'm the first to be called on to state the case. Thankfully, I did alright.is thinking, what's not to love about a city that hosts a festival called, "Pig Out in the Park".is looking forward to a steak dinner tonight in celebration of four years together as a couple.always says, whatever doesn't kill you makes you luckier.is thankful; only Justice Scalia's wit could make CIv Pro bearable reading at this hour.is pondering the contradictions in his fidelity to a jealous mistress.reminds those engaging in civil discourse; when you have to resort to accusations of racism, you're probably losing the debate.wonders which is more inappropriate; heckling during a Presidential address to Congress or the President himself calling a private citizen a "jackass".It's beginning to look a lot like Washington around here.has settled on a parish. Happy days.is in Santa Clara to see the family. Still missing the Kitty.was greatly disappointeed with the disgustingly partisan scriptwriting on Law and Order last night.Mr Hart's 1L advice: when preparing for the socratic method, remember to think in questions.remembers the good old days when we could pay for everything under the sun by "bringing the troops home". It amazes me how inconsistent we can be when the Birkenstock is on the other foot.*PROPNAME* was bad enough, but at least he distorted data and concocted fear-mongering chartsngrafs to support his cockamamie theory. The Norwegian Nobel Committee just lost its credibility--forever.wonders if serfs living under a nationalized health care scheme lead healthier lifestyles mostly for fear of becoming sick//injured and having to throw themselves at the mercy of its poor services.doesn't think passing a bill on *PROPNAME*'s casket would legitimize killing health care for the rest of us.is thinking of a movie title; Dr. Strangehair or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Cue Ball Look.is making a four-minute oral argument tomorrow. Should be interesting.thinks people in straw houses shouldn't blow hot air...or propose a homeowner's insurance public option for that matter.reckons it's looking a lot like Washington in California right now.wasn't disuaded post-media blitz. Still thinks taxes are an appropriation of wealth, mandates are backed implicitly with a gun and "freedom from want" is a condition better reserved for animals and small children.thinks he did alright. Not necessarily kicking asterisks and taking case names, but certainly alright.You know that feeling you get when you're running a marathon and the endorphins finally kick in...We have growth, but at the price of future jobs--all the while paying five times as much for the same car we would've bought later. What else can be done to keep up this facade of recovery? We're already printing more money than ever before. We can't raise taxes without calling it a fee, because dear leader wants to be re-elected. Can we still hit the brakes before this public-private hybrid goes into a ditch?It's crunch time. See y'all in a month or so.First law school midterm this monday. This one's for a third of the clams.Happy Thanksgiving."Life is white, and I am black. Jesus and his lawyer are coming back.".is celebrating six months months together with my beautiful bride.Legal research reminds me of combing the ocean floor for treasures. Every once in a while I return to the same spot with the knowledge that what I thought was a rock might have actually been an oyster with a pearl inside.Finals begin next monday. Overhead this today in Torts: "Dude, you're fine. It's not crunch time yet.".second season of the Paper Chase is being released this December. Sweeeet.Finals.just began his first involuntary, five-day furlough. So sad.Well, that was just about the longest 4 months and shortest 3 hours of my entire life. Same time next year, I hope.is convinced, with everyone and their mother talking about the possibility of raising taxes on the middle class, it's not going to happen. Do you really think one of the most shrewd politicians since *PROPNAME* would all but certify the loss of his re-.is no Keynesian, but I think if there's one thing "cash for clunkers" demonstrates, it's that $787 billion (minus the $237 billion in tax cuts) would've been more stimulative coming from the pockets of American consumers than vested bureaucrats in Washing.is in SF to attend a two-day prep course for school. Still separated from my bride and hating every minute of it.An Obama consultant yesterday on taxing high-value, middle class health care plans: "We're not talking about a new tax on these people. We're saying they currently get an enormous tax break and we're going to slightly scale that back . . ." This will likely be the talking point for any new, middle-class taxes to come.is going to law school. see y'all in three years.heard the pres was on the TV tonight.gets to see Philip Glass as a birthday present for the second year in a row. hmm Wot's that phrase the kids use...FTW!I thought the Kindle was a stupid idea, but the iPad...wow, this is the future of personal computing, a segue into Minority Report-like "surface computing". Way to stay ahead of the curve, Apple.along with wife *PROPNAME*, have decided to celebrate filing their first, joint tax return in that good-old-fashioned American way, by purchasing a new TV.How nice of the NFL to ask my favorite band to play at the Superbowl for my birthday.loves USPS. When you underpay for online postage, they charge you at the counter. When you overpay, they pocket the difference and say "thank you". Isn't that just the Federal government in a nutshell?is strongly considering JAG after law school. Might attend OCS over the summer.Thanks for the birthday wishes. You guys are awesome.*PROPNAME* is hilarious.is 76% of the way to my goal of running three miles in eighteen minutes. Good first attempt.wonders why no one ever followed up on *PROPNAME*'s pledge to eat the CRA.