Facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures WITHOUT your permission. Click on SETTINGS up at the top where you see the Logout link. Select PRIVACY. Then select NEWSFEEDS and WALL. Next select the tab FACEBOOK ADS. There is .thanks 4 all d greetings guys.. did have a happy birthday :) hope all of you have a good day.another day.. another chance.. Good day everyone :).Negative A blood urgently for a little girl at the Rainbow ward suffering from a stomach tumour. Could you please make an announcement at your respective lists to see if anyone could donate. This is a rare blood group. If you have anyone, they need to urg.wow *PROPNAME*.. i gotta steal this from you for those friends of mine who are not in your list: "Fight for it! Don\92t give up no matter how hopeless it seems right now, even when you\92ve lost hope and angry, because years from now your gonna look back and wish you gave it one more shot -BECAUSE THE BEST THINGS DONT COME EASY".i'm amazed :)."minds are like parachutes - they only function when open" *PROPNAME*."Those great hopes and dreams and ideals of yours are not dead, if you let God breathe into them the breath of fresh life." - *PROPNAME* RT *PROPNAME*."if you accept defeat, then that's what you'll get" - from Facing The Giants."The best mind-altering drug is truth." - *PROPNAME*.wherever you go, whatever you do.. do so whole-heartedly."oye, piensa en tu futuro, no pierdas mas tempo... es muy importante mirar para adelante" wonderful artist.. great song.. wonderful message :).great weekend so far: friday enjoyed meeting wonderful ppl I had not seen for a long time.. yest night wonderful time in malta.. now realllyyyy looking forward to later on today :) (will get working to finish work asap & enjoy my sunday afterwards).the weekend.. & why not the weekstart? looking forward to start the week in a great way :).woww! soo busy.. but working to create some time to relax during this weekend :).a good weekend.. this week's busy (kumbinazjoni!) imma ghaddejjin bil-momentum & looking forward to the future :).never thought I'd be jealous of a fish in an aquarium! only for a sec tho! lol.have a merry christmas, un joyeux noel, un buon natale, feliz navidad u il-Milied it-tajjeb! for all of you who don't celebrate Christmas, may you have a great day full of peace and happiness :).Happiness comes only by sharing - Napoleon Hill... & starting holidays helps as well I guess ;).Dear God, I pray for the cure of cancer! ? (93% of fb users will not copy & paste this)....if you know someone who had cancer or fighting cancer please paste this to your status.great ending to 09 and awesome beginning of 2010! :) have a very happy new year all.rainbow colours!!! x'izzik uu dal-kuluri kollha minand nies differenti aaa?? jw jin biss ma nafx? lol.why do i have to keep facing the only people who I can't stand: liars & double-faced people?? Well, I guess that's part of life :(.last work for 2009 ready!! now starting my nye :) have a very happy new year all.. may it bring you all that you wish for.Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life.The LAST GOOD DEED of the MALTESE Lira .....(2) If you have any Maltese coins, you can kindly donate them to YMCA; Ask your family & friends to donate their Maltese coins, Spread the word by emailing this text and//or using FB through status or messaging friends. Only 11 days to collect all the money as then the Maltese coins will not be valid. Call YMCA on 21228038 or email roberta.ymca@gmail DEADLINE 1ST FEBRUARY.it's true.. "the best things don't come easy".. what I can't understand is why you'll always find someone who tries to f**k it all up.already at the end of 2nd week at st.albert's.. so far so good.. im enjoying it :).