is sleepy, excited, and wondering...is in need of sleep and clean laundry.wants someone to see My Sister's Keeper with her!!!!!!!!!brokan lttrs hart hot ppl lif goo kim kool.is so tired...yawn.needs to catch up on sleep...is soooo sleepy.is going to chill tonight, maybe order thai, and just relax....is kinda confused....sigh.is listening to *PROPNAME* like it is her job, is hungry and unsure of what to eat, and is questioning everything and yet nothing....blah hungry like a wolf!got Skype, and is still figuring out how to use it...like in that she has no idea how to since she just downloaded it...feels like it is off to the first day of school tomorrow, has the cleanest room ever, and is really happy :).is not loving the rain. sigh.is happier today. Today was better. She talked to her supervisor, and an amazing thing happened...things got better. Oh and life is good with Thai food. YUMMY!! I love you....is not loving the new gig, is praying something better comes along, and would like to see the new Harry P movie. Oh and could use a long nap.wants to go see Harry P. and would love to go back to sleep, but there is stuff that needs to get done. Booo...is tired. is trying to get energy to get out. oh boo.going out with the coolest chica EVA! *PROPNAME*, would you go on a date? Perhaps it is fate!is in need of a nap.is so brainwashed by Neutrogena ads. Praying for those who have less and for the strength to love all she has with patience.feels a bit lost sigh that is life.is not knowing what to do with the time she has on her hands. Park, stalking squirrels? Ugh...Does anyone need to hire an assistant? Boo.has no idea where the time has gone. August? Seriously? Where did July go?IT'S A SUNSHINE DAY!!! laaa.so tired after The Great Urban Race with Stella. She is a rock solid awesome teammate. Now off to D&B to celebrate the big 24 with *PROPNAME*! Yay busy and fun weekends!is feeling better...the rain cleanses...vule vooo.is happy to see no rain, hopes it lasts, is excited for what comes next, misses buddies back home, appreciates the buddies she is making up here.is so sore, but super happy about the new New Moon trailer. Sigh...needs one day at a time...sigh.is not really good at catching up on sleep.is surprised that *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are engaged. Found out not at Perez..watching "Speak" with pre-Twilight *PROPNAME*. Love her. So over this week. Need some Post Grad.is happy when friends call out of the blue- *PROPNAME*, friends take random midnight walks with you- *PROPNAME*, and friends who make you crazy addicts for shows like "dead like me" - *PROPNAME*.omg trader joes delivers to me...yay.has the place to herself this weekend...hhmmm.is really missing her friends from back home. She loves each and everyone of you...you know who you special people are :).was not impressed with Gossip Girl tonight. It better step it up, or I'm no longer watching.is so happy it is friday. laundry, library, sleep. ahhh.loves beautiful days in NY with beautiful people, has a new temp gig starting Monday, has an interview Monday, and is pretty much loving life! xoxo.can't sleep. Wishing she was 10 years old, and not about to be 24. Misses people, misses less worries, wishes people kept promises of yesterday, wishes things were as easy as swiping a credit card in life...my toe hurts, i hate work, i am tired. i am so not a grown up...thinks Vampire Diaries is helping her longing for the next Twilight movie be tamed. OOO sooo sexy!  *PROPNAME* is soo much hotter than RP.is a bit stressed.just cried like a small child for *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*'s wedding. I want to marry *PROPNAME*...so beautiful.is soooo sleepy.....zzzzzzzzzzzzz.is very cold, feeling jumpy, and ahhhhhhhh.can't wait til New Moon!is going to go have a chill day. all is going to be good :).songs from back in the day make her smile, wants it to be Friday already, and loves that for every worry she has her mom is there to tell her she will have a happily ever after :).what what! The leaves are a turnin' yellow! I hold the power of the button that lets people in the door..mwawaahh haha.met 2 girls named *PROPNAME* in line at Duane under the age of one, saw *PROPNAME* in the latest issue of GQ, and is happy that buying a new toothbrush head makes her believe in the world of new and wonderful possibilities. Love to all today and every other :).just got a call for an interview for a job she applied for back in June. Go figure. Sometimes things take time. Cross your fingers :).New York Marathon happening right outside her window. WOOOO.is just not able to win on Vampire Wars..booo..at least she lives in NYC! Yay!listening like crazy to the Glee soundtrack, happy in her very clean room, excited for new beginnings, grateful for today, tomorrow, and everyday, even the bad ones :) a hug for everyone!thanks you so much for all the birthday wishes! She had a really amazing time :) xoxo.the best ways to get rid of Moody Mondays, and the past few days of moodiness are to talk to mom, volunteer, talk to *PROPNAME*, watch an amazing episode of Dexter, and be thankful for all the blessings in life that are free for the taking :).squeals of little girl delight! Going home to South Florida tomorrow! Been over 6 months :).spending her Saturday night home watching movies with Hot Cocoa. Yum!has only 3 more days left before she gives her life away for *PROPNAME*'s Market Week...sigh..lol.has one extra day then she expected and begins her hardcore assignment Sunday, not Saturday. One day of extra rest never hurt anyone :).- smile and the whole world smiles with you. - motivation, not desperation will get you what you want. - the only way to go is up. - family is always there for you, and having even a handful of reliable friends makes life even better :).clocked in 14 hours today. Smiled at *PROPNAME* like a moron as she walked by...umm how was I to know what she looked like? At least I know who she is. Fashion is hard. Models are very nice though. Til next Tuesday...wants to be like *PROPNAME* and do a monologue of all her thoughts and feelings. If only the audience were up to it. Hmmm...had a better day than yesterday. Lack of sleep makes *PROPNAME* an unhappy girl.#&*(@^!)& &*()!&*(#^!(*)@!*( ^*!&*(.is walking on sunshine! Cold weather, hot cocoa, New Moon coming soon, good food in the tummy, and a brighter outlook on life. Yay! It is true... those things do pass, and sometimes they need a helping kick out the door. :) lol.drum roll please...76.5 hours this week of working. :) Going back in at 7:30, then it is over Tuesday..yay.is sooo happy. Things are coming together. So grateful for all the wondeful people in life that make it so great. Just so so so so happy!had a great time in the snow, seeing "Mr. Big" with *PROPNAME*and *PROPNAME*, and is happily relaxing now...but such a pity about *PROPNAME*. Live life to the fullest :).is going to see The Lovely Bones, cause it is already out in NYC..yay!is still thinking about how amazing the season finale of Dexter was...wow. And is now hooked on Lost...she gets it now. Still agonizing over seeing Boone go bye bye...sexy sexy man.needs a love song that speaks of boots that take your breath away, or the sadness inside you feel when a beautiful piece of clothing costs more than a teeth cleaning. No more of this stuff about wishing a guy//girl would love you. How about wishing you had a place to wear a $3,000 gown? Could afford a $3,000 gown? :).is sharing the secrets of the best products she has used lately. The InStyler- amazing hair, even with light mist outdoors. Urban Decay Primer Potion- I rub my eyes a lot and it still stays (wish it worked for mascara). Forever Makeup Aqua Eyes- gorgeous colors you will get tons of compliments, and it stays! Love to all :).is happy for the new year and is excited for all the wonderful things that are here now and are in the future :) xoxo.is having one of those days, but thankfully has come to the realization that moments do pass and tomorrow is a new day and the problems of this week will be a faded memory when next week comes around.soooooooooooooo EXCITED to see *PROPNAME* cause she ROCKS! In the meantime I am lmao at www.notalwaysright.com.is going to see *PROPNAME*..WOOO...is going to see *PROPNAME*...WOOO! So psyched!!!!had delicious Thai food, needs to clean tomorrow, and is excited about getting busy at her new job.is looking at old photos...and is kinda glad she takes them off facebook every so often, so that she has them all to herself, and it helps her make sure she keeps moving forward  ;).is pondering...how many people pop up on your facebook homepage you can barely recall having talked to in the last year? Hmmm....life it changes.is lost, but in 2010 hopefully she will find her way and is making a promise to put herself first :).ugh that *PROPNAME* has the face of a nightmare...ewww.wants to be like the cute old couple on third avenue who sit outside, rain or shine, together happily watching people walk by...has been a negative person this week, and although the week is not up yet she will turn it around. Looking for hope to ward off the restlessness.black.wants to pose a question...if you could go back to several times in your life you wish you could do differently would you?is happy things are coming together for her job and self-wise...is a lot busier than she realized...feels good about keeping her resolution to be selfish to herself...and is letting other people make the effort, and it is great :).is sleepy, loves *PROPNAME*'s new blog, *PROPNAME*'s remodeled blog, *PROPNAME*'s new makeup, and is so pumped for New Moon!!! Did she mention she has the new CD and loves it?used to like facebook more, but it just is not the same...maybe it is time to change things up...is fulfilled in life! Is sooooo excited for everything! :).is sleepy, is sooo happy and content, is so lucky to have the many wonderful people she has in her life, and is really happy to have the opportunity to have work in such a crazy economy :).has a bump on her head she has no idea where it came from, loves the cold weather, feels like a weight has been lifted from her, and is confident in her choices here on out.