screw work and making yet another trip to social services to reapply for food stamps.  I just want to write :(.At last, award goes to *PROPNAME* for succeeding in getting me adequately smashed to incite vomiting (unless it was the bibim bap...).had about 15 billion dreams last night and remembers all of them. Nice work, hippocampus :).never despair, but if you do, work in despair. writing.thinks your Osama looks like a dirty wizard.okay... going to try some techniques to facilitate lucid dreaming.the gods are angry today.is alive.is back.. with 21 pages of Fabulous notes to transcribe.is going to be productive when she's finished being lazy.the sky is falling.the pigman would give YOU a ride if he had a car.is being fabulous in California.is feeling pretty peppy, thanks to my buddy caffeine.loves these new, extra-antisocial headphones that create a symphony orchestra inside her brain.is not like other humans sometimes.aquarium date night?  ooh la la.the real trouble with reality is that there's no background music.haha.. I kick ass at dirty scrabble.is headed for Boston to be with her lovers... *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* are happy :D.likes the feeling of wasabi high in her nasal passages.writing stabilizes me in this dimension :).nothing like watching monkeys have sex on a biweekly basis.run *PROPNAME*, run! (the loggers are coming).I just realized I have the perfect brother... he is just so wonderful in every way, AND he is a musician! How lucky am I? BUT... he doesn't make his moves in Scrabble ;).at long last, resuming my love affair with my favorite sexy serial killer :D.got to hold a woodcock this weekend! Sweet like bee saliva :).appreciates this special time of year when you're a misfit if you don't dress & behave like a freak :).hmm.. if I were a fly, I'd be dreaming about devil's tongue. Nite, all.just broke 200 pages :)."Life is miraculous; even when it's disastrous, it's still incredible. I'm fascinated with everything; life is fascinating. I'm fascinated by trees and dogs, but no one wants to hear me talk about it." -*PROPNAME*.where oh where are my headphones... I'm completely lost without them :(.my fortune cookie tonight didn't even have a fortune...  :(.Dad & I just took the kayaks out on the lake in a torrential downpour//thunder & lightning storm (father knows best)... no beavers, but lots of migrating black & velvet scoters :).is watching FEARnet with *PROPNAME*. Spook is in the air :).saw several dead rainbows today :(.shared bodily fluids with 3 people in lab today & didn't get infected ;).even though yesterday's laborious morning of shoveling would appear to be in vain, I don't have to teach any labs today! Asante sana, rafiki yangu snow :).is thamkful she didn't get murdered last night. seriously. and of course, for her lovely fb friends. :).wine, chocolate, & guitar = :).I will never get my Master's or get out of Frostburg :(.The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious.  It is the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science.  Whomever does not know it and can no longer wonder, no longer marvel, is as good as dead, and his eyes are dimmed. -Einstein.What's up, Cheese Apple? Your warm, cheesy, buttery, and tart deliciouness? That's what I'm talkin about ;).is just an earthbound misfit enjoying a Starbucks double-shot espresso.rediscovered how fun it is to play in 36 inches of snow :).is gonna get some groovy coyote trail cam pics! you know you're jealous.fly in vaseline :(.