Just updated my profile...Much has changed since college!Scouty is going to the Doctor...Holiday is over....crap....So apperently the owners at my school have decided that they want to make things as complicated as possible...enter new and stupidly expensive computer program!Happy Brithday *PROPNAME*!!  Have a stadium dog for me!Back in the ATL, but still just as foggy...luckly work is falling into place without me even doing anything...Getting ready for my suprize trip to MI...I wish it was under better circumstances.wow, nothing like losing to a MAC team to make me cry...I would like to thank pete for ruining the game for me as well...jurk...I would give my left ear to be able to watch the big ten network I ordered, thanks for ruinung my game day comcast...At home, trying to remember who I am related to and witch kids belong to witch cousin....and craving polish food.  In another devolopment, I thought I would be able to escape country music in the north, but in reality it is worse...Even though my own sister is a blood traider....GO GREEN!!  GO ND!!!I have a slash in my convertable top.  2 days before I leave for my beach vacation.  Someone is a serious asshole.Breaking News: At the Atlanta Zoo, an old guy with a long white beard was caught try to lure 2 of each animal out of the exhibits.  It is also reported that he arrived in a large wooden boat...I am glad to say that my parents arrived in Michigan safely...even if thier bags are lost...What do *PROPNAME* and the Miami Dolphins have in common? They make 70,000 people stand up and yell "Jesus Christ"...What is this world coming to when a complete ahole douchebag like *PROPNAME* is making an apolgy tour, but still as not called the girl to personally say I am sorry?  This is the role models for kids?  In a realted note, we will be out of the recession when the Americans who want to work can, not one moment before...I am feeling feisty today...One of my prospective students just asked me out...is it 3 yet?  This week has been crazy...*PROPNAME* is terrified of the half deflated mylar balloon outside of our condo, when we went for a walk she barked at it and then peed all over herself when I grabbed it to toss it out.  She is such a frady pup!The guy next to me getting a mani//pedi tonight reminded me of someone my dad would golf with...kinda reminded me of home until he started singing along with the radio to Ace of Base, Madonna, and Cher.  It was so hard not to laugh!! So Atlanta!I did not realize that *PROPNAME* (the guy from "to catch a predator") went to MSU, that is actually pretty cool.  He is a bad ass in a turtleneck!Almost the weekend...only a few more short hours...I think we can make it.What in God's name happened to cnn.com?I fell on the way to my car this morning...I hope that is not the predictor of a bad day!dang...is this what people feel like when the wings take it all??  Personally when the wings take it all in the cup it makes me smile, but for some reason a suprizing number of people are not red wings fans...*PROPNAME* cant wait to dress up and go trick or treating!I think quite possibly that MSU is one of the only teams in the Big Ten where the other team can have that many penalties and we still lose...the pizza pizza bowl is a GOAL now...and hockey is sucking a big one...when does basketball start?Hey Atlanta: you may see my work on the evening news...Some guy was shot in the foot in our parking lot, that we share with the probation office...I have heard rumors he shot himself...If you push print once....you only get one copy, so dont look at me like a moron when I bring you the 6 other copys from the 6 other times you pressed print...I think that *PROPNAME* was embarassed that we were blasting the Glee soundtrack while crusing around with the top down...I can't imagine why.My mom and I were talking about all the food that reminds me of home last night, now I am a little home sick.  I love this time of year in Michigan!I think I am going to start a Book Club with my girlfriends...any of you peaches intersted.  In my mind it will be a good excuse to sit around and drink wine and maybe talk about the book for a few minutes...I just keep reminding myself...one week until my vacation, one week until my vacation....NO NO NO *PROPNAME* cannot have a crush on Shoe...How did a hobbit get on Flash Forward? That show is so crazy...I cannot believe that I am celibrating going to the Pizza Pizza Bowl...As much as I love Twlight (Team Taylor!), it is just me, or is it extreeme to be taking kids to see it tonight that are still in elementary school when they have school tomorrow! I guess taking kids period, with the attacks and sexual stuff....My mouth always gets me in trouble...Hopefully this week will not kick my butt...I don't think I can take it again.Wow...I should have watched more baseball this year...the twins are playing really well...crap...So Glee was not so bad...here is the question, is the diva going to tell the ladies and that is how *PROPNAME* is going to find out that *PROPNAME* is the father.Rest in Peace Uga the Bulldog, the world of college mascots morns you today.Maybe it was a seisure?  She seems ok today, no weird movements, eating and drinking, and her cagemate is acting normal...I read online that strokes are common but it doesnt sound like they bounce back that quick...Since when did you become the center of the universe?I am dreading glee this week...Under the cover of shameful darkness, my now former sister became a fan of Michigan football.  Because you did not go there, or any of our family for that matter...that makes you, my former sibling, a WALMART WOLVERINE...yes I went there!  We will see where your loyalties lie when you need a kidney or a piece of my liver...GO NITTANY LIONS!!This rain has gotten me down today, that and the fact that my flat iron died...bad hair and I am cranky...At least I can look forward to Glee tonight!Well, I didnt see that coming...Putting together my coverletter and resume...I think I can I think I can I think I can.What doesnt kill me will make me stronger...Day looking up, I will be able to exchange the defective flat iron!  I realized that New Moon comes out when I will be home for Thanksgiving, any body want to go see it with me?  Still looking forward to Glee...I feel a little dirty thinking that *PROPNAME* is hot.When doing your Christmas cards, take one or more and send it to this address: A Recovering American Soldier c//o *PROPNAME* Army Medical Center 6900 Georgia Avenue NW; Washington, D.C. 20307. If we pass this on, think of how many cards these wonderful special people would get. PASS THIS ON TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS. (JUST COPY AND PASTE TO YOUR WALL).Is metal block the begining of a mini breakdown?  I feel something coming on...Everything is starting to back up on me...now I kinda wish it was snowing...just for over night, then after I am able to enjoy it over a cup of coffee then it can vanish!I hate to say this, but *PROPNAME* Tonight is actually pretty good...having a hard time chosing between that and *PROPNAME* Lately...So, my tickets for Saturday's Spartan wallop of the *PROPNAME* are in the mail, I should have them tomorrow...Does anyone want to go see U2?Let go Spartans LETS GO!Time Mag named this decade the worst since WWII.  My only thought is, has there really been enough decades since WWII to be able to clearly desern that this one is the worst?  Granted these last ten years have really kinda sucked as far national tragity...but is there a need to call it the worst since WWII?Today did suck...*PROPNAME* came home with 40 mega rolls of one ply toilet paper....I am going to be using prison tp until at least Easter!Wow I am really in a funk...I had no idea *PROPNAME* was fired! I knew it was most likely going to be his last season, but I hardly ever miss stuff like that.Why are people from NeW Jersey so proud of being from New Jersey?I was just watching "*PROPNAME* in Real Life" while I was working on my Christmas cards, and I just realized...*PROPNAME* (*PROPNAME*)  is the cop that pulls *PROPNAME* over and has his cruiser backed into.  HE IS WAY BETTER LOOKING WITHOUT THAT HAIR!So, I got something in my eye and rubbed it and now it looks like I got punched in the face...everyone was making domestic violence jokes at the party...Does this have to happen tonight...I have my fight club.I am in a funk today...I dont know if it is depression, maybe a lack of motivation because of depression.  This process is not for the impatient.Thank God for facebook or everyone would have names misspelled on thier cards...My thanksgiving utopia lasted a whole hour...new record.It was good to get out of the house for a little while, and even better to see my girls!Apple casserole and Herb Pork Loin smells so good!!As of today, Facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets. To turn this option off, go to settings, then privacy, then meals. Click the top two boxes to prevent the employees of Facebook from eating your beloved children and pets. Copy this to your status to warn your friends!Today I am thankful that I am able to be in Michigan with my family.  I am also thankful for my families in Michigan and in Atlanta.  I am most thankful for everyone I love being healthy today.So much to do before tomorrow...I am actually a little overwhelmed!Errands...I am not ready to get back to real life...Watered plants, cleaned gerbil cage, did laundry, washed the dishes. Starting on packing  then off to pick up my shoes from the cobbler!First day of Winter is not so bad in Atlanta...Dear Baby Jesus: Please compell my boyfriend to get off his ass and pack...we are leaving tomorrow at 5 am to go home and celibrate your birth...and i really dont want to have to kill him because then I will have to drive the Mustang in the snow and rosie is in mint condition and the salt will discolor my top.  Thanks so much..."Over the river and to the woods to Boosha's house we go!".Baking pumpkin bread and pumkin pies and making stuffing!!So...I never got the facination with farmville until I built my zoo...totally addicted!  If you have zooworld let me know I will send you a gift.So the guito from Jersey Shore that calls him self "The Situtation" is trying to trademerk it now...What is going on with this bowl game?  I thought that MSU losing 20% of thier players was bad...now texas tech coach scandle?   If you were going to toss a kid in the closet...would you chose the one whose dad is on tv everynight??  Bad call dude!SNOWING!  All of atlanta grinds to a halt for a snow flurry....SO glad I am at home!  Careful driving with the crazies out there people!Oye, so tired...Sometimes I wish that we could spend more time enjoying and less time preparing this time of year.I am so so excited...Going to the big game...heading home...going to see my dog...I cant sleep!Maybe going home grounded me...I feel so much better now!feeling much better today!  So if the head coach of Texas Tech was fired, is this even going to be a fair game?  Maybe considering many of our players were stupid...feels like Death warmed over...Snow predicted when I go home!!  I cant wait!Getting ready to come home for Christmas!Well, this year has to be better then the last...Dropping off some resumes today...I am feeling good mojo!Well, I think he has the flu, but it is basically impossible to tell if he has the swine flu.Good Job ballers...its all up to the football team now!  GO GREEN, GO WHITE, GO STATE!Oh no *PROPNAME* is really sick, I even made him chicken soup yesterday, and he still is running a fever!Well, Big Ten is looking awsome in the bowls so far, the buck and the kittens gave great show...Hopefully MSU will follow suit!*PROPNAME* is flying into Chicago tonight...I will miss that guy!Now *PROPNAME* is sick...and realizes what a jerk he was when I was sick.And the Grinch, with his Grinch-feet ice cold in the snow, stood puzzling and puzzling, how could it be so? It came without ribbons. It came without tags. It came without packages, boxes or bags. And he puzzled and puzzled \92till his puzzler was sore. Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn\92t before. What if Christmas, he thought, doesn\92t come from a store. What if Christmas, perhaps, means a little bit more.Had a great game night with the family...we should do that more often when I am home...next time with drinks!Going to have my emmissions tested, want to just get that out of the way and today seems like a good day for it!  Also running other errands...So now what am I suppost to do on Wensday nights?  Damn it Fox...no Glee until April?Keep your fingers crossed that *PROPNAME* kept his germs to himself...Three Flakes and schools are closed tomorrow?  WEAK.Apperantly the roads are bad in Atlanta...be careful out there guys!Why is *PROPNAME*'s new hair news?Snow advisory for Atlanta today and tomorrow...Good thing I have bead, milk and meat in the house!In the murder mitten...it is cold!   Also HAPPY 11th BIRTHDAY MAX!  no matter how old you get you will still be a whiny pain in the ass to me puppy.I am feeling strangely homesick from thinking about my birthday...I havent had a good one since college...maybe i will just stop trying to make it special.Heading back to Atlanta...DANG IT!!  If you are in Atlanta and need somehere to go for NYE, come to my house, I have food and drink, almost all of my guests are sick or have sick kids!HOW DID WE MEET???? Everyone play this game! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile, you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends! Before you do that answer for me. Thank you and I can't wait to hear from you!!!!!Just another day...Woo Hoo Friday!Nothing like a Basketball win to lift the spirits...Ted Nugent is a touch scary, may be an intersting choice for Michigan politics...What makes *PROPNAME* so special!!  He is a QUITTER!  Watch out *PROPNAME*...The devistation in Haiti is heartbreaking, I cannot imagine when they start running out of food and water, and without a sewer system that is going to be hell in that climate...I really hope there is not violence when resources are exahusted.Dang it ND!!!I am hoping this is allergies and not a cold..I think one of my gerbils had a stroke...Poor little guy!  After I put the food and water next to her she perked up a little, but she still is moving weird and falling over...A Big Green and White Double Header!!  First the ballers will start out by beating up on Northwestern just like the ladies slapped around those sad Wolverines yesterday....then on to watch the MSU Football team wallop Texas Tech!!  Its a great day to BLEED GREEN!!  GO SPARTANS!!!Why do three people that do not know eachother have "pants on the ground" in their updates?  Am I missing something?found my Tag paperwork in the man den...Hopefully I get my tags by 2.1 if I apply now online...I love my mom! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today... please copy and paste to your profile! I expect to see this many times on my page!Well, that wasnt so bad, now I have to wait and see...ELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Press 1 for English. Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English. And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, JESUS CHRIST. And the AMERICAN SOLIDER. One died for your soul, the other for your freedom. If you agree... copy and paste in your status.Thank-you everyone for your bithday wishes, they made me feel truely special.has anyone else realized that *PROPNAME* looks like "The Situation"?  I am so glad that trashy show is almost over.taking a much needed mental health day!I just received an AARP card in the mail...not sure what to think.Watching basketball is giving me heartburn...Lets go STATE!!  8-0 BABY!So, I tried to sit down and pay my birthday tax today, and I cannot find the paper work...I know I have it here somewhere!black.*PROPNAME* is going to deal with a ticket...I dont know where his checks are if I need to bail him out!Has anyone else noticed that the dolphin with the helmet on the Miami Dolphins logo looks like it should be riding the short bus?So Variety is reporting that the cast of Jersey Shore is coming back for a second season, making $10,000 per episode.  I guess they were making a few hundred per episode before.  That is alot of tanning, hair products, and tiny tops!I really really hope people dont start using "post-it" as a reason for loyality.  Greys is getting stupid...I reunited a cat with her owner today...Feels nice but I am not sure how to tell denny there was a cat in the condo....Dishwasher repair guy coming tomorrow am, hopefully phone that works being delivered tomorrow as well.  Big day ahead!*PROPNAME* noms as predicted...*PROPNAME* saw his furry shadow but the weather man said we are in an el nino...I am on team rodent!It makes me sad to see *PROPNAME* all iced over...My phone stopped working, I can call out, but the person I call cannot hear me!The "Full House" home is on the market for 4 mil.  I wonder if being fetured in the show increased its value.Getting ready to watch the game.my facebook looks the same...am I missing something?*PROPNAME* mixed week old coucous with new coucous, and he cannot understand why I will not eat it...Thank you to everyone that was able to come out for my birthday dinner, and I sincerely appologize to the guys that thought that tapas bar was topless bar...Hell Ya for a 20 minute commute!Little Chilly!Well here goes nothing, getting ready for my first day!Same old Spartans...Big Game tonight..perfect big ten record on the line...GO GREEN!Damn it, I am old...sitting here in my snuggie watching a telathon...here we go again...luckly I work at a school that may close for the chance of snow.Poor little Wolverines...at this rate the NIT is a goal!!  Look at your sad little glum faces...It's DOPPELGANGER Week. Change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you resemble (actor, singer, athlete, etc)...I have been told by multiple people that I look like *PROPNAME*.  I guess it could be worse.So my dome light will not go out when I am driving, I actually reasched the problem myself and sent *PROPNAME* out to spray the crap out of my door latches with wd40...I cannot believe I was on a forum looking up car stuff...Well, if I dont root for the Colts I am pretty sure that *PROPNAME* will never talk to me again, and  we need him at trivia for Sports questions, so GO COLTS!:(.Gas Station doughnut does not equal paczki, I almot cried a litle.Happy St Valentines Day!