wonders if people read his profile.is transferring again.chicka chicka slim shady.gold *PROPNAME*, gold!thinks "juice" is the funniest word.probably won't be at UConn this fall. still not sure what i AM doing though.is going to Post this year."Paradise by the Dashboard Light" by Meat Loaf is my new favorite song. :-).is so content with everything right now. music is so beautiful. The 90s is probably my favorite era. really wanna be back in school. what's that, I'm random? random is my chinese neighbor's middle name. except it's my middle name and I don't really have a.is killin time. DIE TIME!something is missing.whoa whoa whoa when i meant 8 pages in 2 hours...i meant READING!8 pages in 2 hours...not bad. well, really bad actually! extremely bad what the hell am I saying "not bad" hahahaaaaaaaaaa.blah!hasn't eaten in like 4 hours! enjoying my salami sub now...man it feels good to be on top of my school shit.is chillin chillin like a villain straight up out the ghetto mo fo... ...had to re-bust out that line at some point.pickles and onions!is bein a gangsta as usual.weird virus-type thingy just happened with facebook. closed facebook and a window popped up, "about:blank" in the address bar, with practically infinite tabs all with facebook...the computer was freezing up too badly to see what they all were.misses being Danimal.loves his poster of a chimp with a sunflower in his mouth. just thought i'd put that out there."I let the melody shine, let it cleanse my mind, I feel free now!".it's my birthday wahooooooooo.there's no Hartford, CT network anymore?s gotta get a damn camera!loves how you can rent movies on itunes and watch them on your ipod. who woulda thought? freakin crazy. just watched The Girl Next Door...such a good movie.cannot do a SINGLE Magic Eye thingy! it's soooooooooooo frustrating...buy my car! http:////hartford.craigslist.org//cto//1471852203.html.wonders if you can block invites from one person. anyone know?is so hungry he can eat a horse. original i know. i can't think of original shit on an empty stomach!has to put off the procrastinating till later...it's time to get shit DONE. but then again, it won't be procrastinating once the shit is done...it'll just be straight chillin. can't wait!needs more light in this place.what to do what to doooo.has mad work to do. and my birthday is tomorrow, how bout that!is lovin "verse chorus verse" (Nirvana of course).is ridiculously bored.salami is like a drug. i've been an addict for years.has been paying more attention lately to what he doesn't like than what he already likes, then deciding to either like it or understand why some people would like it. it's mind-expanding, literally!is hungry as always.runnin at the park, finishing my room, laundry.........maybe walmart later. walmart has such good deals it's ridiculous.really gotta go skiing. soon. i just GOTTA!chillin manggggggggg. ya know what would be good right now? a mango. that's not code for anything...i mean a MANGO straight up no joke fo sheezy.perfectly clear sky tonight, the stars are lookin beautiful...merry christmas everyone!has a love//hate relationship with snow. notice love is in the numerator! haaaaa i'm so stupid!cause all I really want's to be with you, feelin like I matter too. if I hadn't blown the whole thing years ago, I might be here with you.wants to do something so damnit that's what i'll do!.............busy doing something now.................iss ok iss ok.loves loves loves the gin blossoms!sleeeeeeeeeeeeeep.countdown to florida...ONE DAY.countdown to florida: TWO DAYS.RIP *PROPNAME* you were the bad-ass-est dirty dancer in Dirty Dancing...GOT A FOUR POINT OH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AFTER A ZERO POINT ZERO LAST SEMESTER WOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!