Just remembered, I seen a naked guy running up the supports on the squinty bridge last night with all hanging out .. but wearing socks. Not a pretty sight.Seen a leaflet guy coming into building. so i collected together all the leaflets we have (about 15-20) and when he went to post the leaflets I posted them all outwards as he opened the letterbox. He looked a little confused and tried to push them back, so I posted them back out again. Ahh its fun to piss off people.Feeling like crap, no temperature though so at least its not swine flu (at least I think its not!).Got a pair of degu's last night, already causing issues! They are uber cute though.Got a refferal to a ENT specialist so I can get a camera jammed up my nose into my sinuses. Not pretty but at least I may be able to finally get rid of this damn sinus infection! :D.Trying to send docs to the bank, and my personal advisor is not trusted with email or web access full access to my account, financial and personal, but not email *worry*.Gotta love 3 mobile. I asked to cancel my contract and was asked "could we convince you to stay" I replied with "Due to the terrible customer service, I would rather die a slow and horribly painful death than stay" to which I got "do you have any friends or relatives you would like to refer so they can get a good deal". I want that CSR to work in my company retention department!!I think I must be doing something wrong on the trapeze, it feels like I have just went for a vasectomy after trying a few windmills yesterday. No pain no gain :).ARGHHH!!! The radio has christmas songs on it already, this bad bad bad news! Its november !!I have 1.6Kg of explosives for Nov 5 (The UK equiv of 4th July for the Americans), Hopefully with any luck this thing will make the night time look like daytime with the bang :D.Trying to weigh a degu is not easy!Never had a crab, squid, musccle, scallop, and anchovie pizza before. It is however suprisingly good :).Whilst I may not understand the history behind thanksgiving, I can get behind any holiday that consists of a huge amount of food, alcohol and friends. Happy thanksgiving to my American friends. And to anyone else, today is just an excuse for us to take part in "cultural diversity" and get drunk and stuffed with lots of food.is thinking that he needs to assemble a horde of flying panda colored monkies to wreck havock on the world from above, and buy milk.I can handle the scope thing being shoved up my nose and down my throat, I can handle the CT scan, but having blood taken, still can't deal with that!Why are you not allowed to give kids nuts for halloween any more. I got them as a kid, and as far as I am aware people havne't become more allergic to it in the last 20 years, just the same amount.Hates facebook messaging, it always looks like you are waiting for the other person to message back, and then you see that it has infact timed out (again) and the person messaged back 6 hours ago. *sigh*.I have discovered the 'teddy bear' move in aerials, is anything but cute and fluffy! Its evil, sore and likes nothing more than cutting off all blood to your extrematies.is currently working his way through the harry potter box set. Can't say I don't have exciting weekends!I know 6 sick people at the moment, and now I'm sick. I'm going to find out what one it was and come after them!! Watch yourselves ;).Happy Jul, In norway they don't celebrate chriastmas as much as Julaften (Pre-Christmas). Thats when people get their pressies. In russia its the 5th Jan!  Don't know if I could wait that long!I love how much fun you can have with non newtonian fluids :D.The turkey is now officially drunk (Injected with enough alcohol that if we didn't eat it, it'd be at AA). Rubbed with secret spices, drizzled in bacon, and the silverside joint is slowly cooking for 7 hours. 15 Minute break then  back to cooking :D.My brother gave me a uni-cycle for xmas. I'm wondering if you can pre book appointments to the A&E to save time.Just hacked my appleTV, removed the WiFi chip and replaced with a broadcom H.264 hardware decoder chip. Now I can stream blu ray movies in 1080p from my fileserver to tv :D.Just realised he missed the aerial class start :| Thought it was next week it started DOH!thinks that the new apple tablet 'pc' iPad sounds like a high tech sanitary device.Merry Christmas everyone :).They are NOT beef sausages if they are only 40% beef! LIES!Just made a spiced haddock on trimmed green bean and coconut rice with a coconut, chilli sauce... mmm.