hanging out with *PROPNAME* :).is happy to finally be home for a while after lots of running around lately!sad about the loss of the elephant calf at the Memphis Zoo:(.would like to know why our water is off.is doing some major housecleaning!didn't think that coming to take care of the water heater first thing in the morning meant 11...I guess there's still 45 mins until it afternoon!just had a wonderful chat with *PROPNAME* on the phone and is about to start making dinner:).went to see "The Hangover" tonight then came home to enjoy a nice relaxing jacuzzi tub bath with a glass of wine...life doesn't get much better than that!For once I meant to let my phone battery die all the way before recharging and did I remember to plug it in once it reached that point? Not until just now...oops.is making rice krispies treats!Is excited to have 2 more new books from Paperback swap but can't decide what to read now!is annoyed that GM decided it would be cool to have some stupid ass bracket for wiper blades on the G6 resulting in me having to pay $70 for replacement blades.had a good workout at the gym this afternoon, just took a nice relaxing jacuzzi bath and now off to bed with fresh from the dyer sheets. Ahhhhh fantastic:).The first 2 Atlantic tropical storms, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, have formed. I'm not too worried but have to admit there's a little unease about the idea of something making it here. Afterall, this is my first rodeo!*PROPNAME* and her friend are coming to visit me next weekend!!! So excited!!!had a great day with a wonderful friend and a wonderful evening with a great boyfriend. I'm one lucky girl:).Sometimes, I'll watch a movie that I watched when I was younger and suddenly realize I had no idea what the f**k was going on when I first saw it.is nervous about getting cavities filled for the first time ever tomorrow:( The up side is that it probably isn't as bad as repair work from stepping on a shovel;) There I feel a bit better now!is excited about dinner and movie date night:).How many times is it appropriate to say "What?" before you just nod and smile because you still didn't hear what they said?*PROPNAME* brought me breakfast in bed this morning, hanging out with *PROPNAME* later, then a delicious pineapple pork chop dinner made by *PROPNAME* and watching a movie..what a great day it's going to be!:D.If *PROPNAME* San Diego and *PROPNAME* ever got together, their offspring would probably just be completely invisible.is trying to decide what to stock the fridge with so there is a chance that *PROPNAME* will eat something besides fast food for 5 days that I'm gone! :).is a huge nerd and posting books on paperback swap:).Bad news: Novocaine is wearing off so my mouth is hurting a bit now. Good news: I can now drink my pumpkin spice latte without dribbling:).is glad that we waited to watch Wolverine as a rental.is wondering how many people get themselves screwed out of money by not paying attention and keeping records of stuff. I just added another $70 to my "um no dumby actually I don't owe you that money" total. Yay me:).I like all of the music in my iTunes, except when it's on shuffle, then I like about one in every fifteen songs in my iTunes."You try growing up in a trailer park with nothing but dust mites and Lithuanians and see where that gets you"..a line from a terrible movie on netflix on demand, but it made me giggle.is off to the gym!is feeling productive after posting *PROPNAME*'s care on autotrader. If anyone is possibly interested in a 2006 Honda Civic Si for ~$13500 let me know. I will post the link too once it's officially up on the site!off to the store to get the things I need to make caramel apple cookies. I hope that mine turn out as good as the picture! I also hope that they have the caramel bits I need at this Walmart!is wondering what the heck? Last week my computer hard drive died and just a few minutes ago I got the blue screen of death from my DirecTV box saying a problem has been detected on my hard drive. Not cool.Fantastic day of hanging out with friends and doing some shopping:) Relaxing on the couch reading for a bit.had a busy day. Time for a nap before possibly carving pumpkins this evening:).perhaps *PROPNAME* putting off getting our Halloween costumes for so long was really his way of helping me find my awesome costume idea :).Happy Halloween! Almost timet to make some snacks for the party tonight:).Carving pumpkins with *PROPNAME*...pictures to come soon:).shooting and punching some stuff in Borderlands:).just heard a commercial on the radio about some pill to lower cholesterol. They actually said "Do you have high cholesterol due to poor diet or lack of exercise? Then you need to try this"  No, actually you need to try improving your diet and exercising a bit first.  Just a crazy thought I had...is happy that my new hard drive is installed. Yay!is pretty sure I'm coming down with whatever *PROPNAME* considering I just folded a load of towels and now feel completely drained.  The good news is that the TV is working again:).is not having a good night. Watching some TV then heading to bed.is making some grub.is not happy that our A//C is not working. Grrrr.just finished watching "The Ugly Truth", cute movie:).has a cold:(.just finished watching " Dear Zachary: a letter from a father to his son". It was a pretty good documentary but very emotional...I suggest having tissues nearby.plans to sit on the couch watching movies all day.almost time to make white chicken chili with cheddar jalepeno hushpuppy crust. It's going to be even better than usual 'cause we finally have some fall weather here!just saw a commercial for Rihanna's 20//20 interview about her ordeal with *PROPNAME*...isn't it convenient that she is finally able to talk about it in an interview aired the day after her new album comes out?is watching "The Proposal". *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*...even if the movie is crap it won't be a total waste:).is excited about my helicopter shaped cookie cutter:).mmm peppermint mocha coffee creamer:).doing some online Christmas shopping.doesn't know what to make of the fact that based on my interest in TV shows like "Brotherhood" and "Californication" , Netflix has a recommendations section of other "Dysfunctional family dramas"  This includes "Dexter" and "Rescue Me" which are both shows I watch. Oh Netflix you know me so well.is not sure what the repairman fiddled with yesterday to get some warm air to come out of the heater for a while but I'm pretty sure that the heat is still not working quite right considering that after running for 8 hours with the thermostat set to 72 it is still only 65 in my house and there is cool..no cold air blasting out of the vents...and yes it is on heat not AC;).wasn't very impressed with "Taking of Pelham 123" although I was amused by *PROPNAME*'s character talking about the girl he took to Iceland..a Lithuanian ass model named Lavitika.  Ha.is happy to have a new working DirecTV box. I can open the guide and switch channels without it freezing....and the DVR works. I can now go back to waiting until a few minutes into a show before I start watching and then fast forward through commercials!is getting very excited about decorating for Christmas! We are heading out to get a tree and all that fun stuff in a while:).is off to the gym again. I tried and can't think of a valid reason not to go, plus my legs aren't sore are at all from yesterday. I will will thank myself for this later:).is happily watching Pixar short films on abc family while my DVR records *PROPNAME* on another channel:) Oh and I'm drinking my pumpkin spice coffee too! Life is good!Happy Thanksgiving everybody! I'm thankful for friends to share Thanksgiving with:) Now time to make some yummy food to share later.is making spaghetti sauce. Yum!has a cold and is curled up on the couch resting.blue.Thanks for all the birthday wishes yesterday! I had a great day:).can't believe it. I got the new Wii Fit Plus game, it has a lot of fun new games and features. However, after not using the wii fit for a few months we decided to do the fitness test stuff again. Me(since last time): +2.9 lbs, still a healthy weight and BMI, wii age 54. *PROPNAME*: -8.6lbs, reccommends a healthy weight of gaining 6lbs, wii age 32. On the positive side, I have lost 5 of the 8 lbs I gained over the holidays!was annoyed with the state of LA for sending a notice that my car policy was cancelled on 11//20//2009 even though that is just my renewal date and they lost the info my insurance company sent...oh and it took them 2 months to do something about it. My grumpiness was fixed by talking to the rep at Progressive. She was friendly and talkative, like a less annoying version of the girl on the commercials. Thanks *PROPNAME*!is taking *PROPNAME* to the vet for her annual check-up. I know it's good for her I just always feel a bit bad because she hates it so much :(.Dear Louisiana Office of Motor Vehicles employees, I understand that you probably get stuck dealing with stupid, annoying people on a regular basis.  That doesn't mean you have to be rude to everyone, especially not the friendly people like me darn it!did an hour long workout and now I'm trying to convince myself to vacuum the house.Funny: Every time I have to spell a word over the phone using 'as in' examples, I will undoubtedly draw a blank and sound like a complete idiot. Today I had to spell my boss's last name to an attorney and said "Yes that's G as in...(10 second lapse)..ummm...Goonies".has recooped from working out and has caught a cleaning bug!is making sweet potatoe split pea soup. I hope it's good!can't believe the amount of mosquitos outside already. Boo!why oh why do I let myself watch animal cops shows? I just end up feeling a mix of sadness for the animals and almost rage towards the people involved.set my calorie goal for wii fit tonight as a piece of fried chicken....turns out it takes a lot of work to burn off a piece of fried chicken!was enjoying my morning shower until one of those stupid Saints remixes came on the radio. I'm all for that kind of thing when I actually go to games, but I'm sick of hearing it in regular rotation on the radio.A bit mean...but damn funny Sarchasm : The gulf between the author of  sarcastic wit and the person who doesn't get it.is watching a movie:).just finished playing wii fit plus and burned an ice cream cone worth of calories. Now it's ok for me to eat an ice cream right? Kidding:).accidentally clicked the wrong button on a page. Sorry for sending that farmville thing to everyone!The feminine version of the name *PROPNAME* meaning "the woman." Basically never printed on magnets, mugs or other souvenir paraphernalia. Often mistaken for *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* or *PROPNAME*. My name is *PROPNAME*, not *PROPNAME*, dammit. (Urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste the first entry).is off to bed and hoping not to be woken up by things flapping and crashing from the crazy wind outside. On the up side it's going to be in the 60-70 range for the next week!:).feels bad for my sick boyfriend. I know he feels really crappy 'cause he's sitting still and not playing videogames!thinks it might be time for a nap:).is off to work out. I don't want to but it's been 3 days:(.doesn't think the changes to facebook were really needed but honestly I'm more annoyed with all the complaints I've seen about it. You get it for free so if that means every once in a while you have to deal with a new layout well...deal with it!:).starting to make some delicious snacks to enjoy while watching the Superbowl later.is home from the Lockport Mardi Gras parade and is ready for a nap!really wishes that my old doctor's office would learn how to do math. I don't appreciate getting rather large bills for amounts that BSBC and I have already paid. Oh and thanks for putting it in the 120 day slot so I get to stress about further stupidity on your part resulting in a bad outcome for me.wonders how sick Bon Jovi is of singing this song.