Thanks for all the mazal tovs // congratulations.  :-).*PROPNAME* and I are engaged!  :-)  I'm so happy."This is the day, come what may I'll still be saying this is the day." Loving camp!  :-).Two more weeks left of camp.  Looking forward to seeing *PROPNAME* on the Roof on Sunday, August 9th!Thank goodness my voice is back.  :-)  Shabbat Shalom everyone!I've officially booked an October flight to New York to visit my future husband.  :-).Lesson planning and creating a calendar for the school year... hard to believe I will be teaching already on Sunday.No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. No one should be unable to change jobs because of a "pre-existing condition." If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.Shabbat Shalom!I hate the fact that I currently have no computer.  It is not fun to have to borrow other people's computers.I am thankful for webcams.  It is nice to be able to see my fiance online while he is in New York.  :-).I'm liking my new desktop computer and thankful that it is not giving me any grief thus far.  :-) Shanah Tovah (Happy Jewish New Year)!To all my Jewish friends: Gemar chatimah tovah.- May your final sealing (in the Book of Life) be good.Enjoyed spending the weekend with my love.  Now it is back to the grind.is hoping that everyone who fasted for Yom Kippur had an easy fast and a meaningful prayer experience.Can't wait until Friday morning when I'll be in my fiance's arms.  :-).Contemplating the Forms and Plato's utopian society as I write my paper on Plato.  Please note that I do not actually agree with Plato's ideas, but I find them fascinating.I am getting less and less sleep due to midterms.  :-(.I'm so excited about my upcoming trip to New York!  :-)  I leave Thursday night on a red eye.Please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is gay. My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease: people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE.I see the light at the end of the tunnel!  Liturgy take home final due Friday and last but not least, Philosophy of Education paper to complete during Winter Break.I hate having laryngitis as a songleader.  I want to be able to do my job, but I can't.  :-(.Now that *PROPNAME* has returned to New York, I am finally working on completing my philosophy of Jewish education paper.  It is pleasant to do school work after two weeks of rest, relaxation, and fun.  :-).