is shocked at her grades, not as bad as I thought!is sooo sick of douche bags! kick rocks bitches!!!!!3 days clesased! woo!is sooooo stressed out! argh...where is katie????is getting ready to get crunk and party like its 1999! holla at a playa! LOL.not to be a bitch but...if i hear about one more celeb dying from drug overdose i'm going to fing lose it...get it together and act like adults...ridic.suggests everyone see harry potter and bruno! both great movies!!!is not for the narrow minded!keep hatin bitches...i'm just getting started! weeeee.s toenails look neon in the sun, but grungie in the shade...don't get yellow! LOL.is sooooo excited to see Mu Sochua speak today!!!wants to do something fun!!! any ideas??I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts, deedle-e-dee!skipped the gym today, but is willing to make up for it by dancing!! going to mix! WOO.we've all done things that we are ashamed of...if anyone saw kanye on leno tonight well...he's not sooooo bad. :-).Come on Cowboys!!!!!is waiting for the progressive man wishing she were at the gym! :-(.wishing away my weekend so I can watch Monday night football!COWBOYS WIN!!!What the french is this tsunami business about!?!?just realized I'm missing lovefest! wtf! :-(.*PROPNAME*: So... Saturday night, the big night. Date night. Saturday night, Sa-tur-day night! *PROPNAME*: No plans, huh? *PROPNAME*: Not a one. ~~HA HA HA HA HA!i want to carve a pumpkin!ready for a new day after a disappointing evening!yeah buddy! cowboys!why does everyone think the rain is time to play or walk extremely slow with their heads down....WTF!oh yes its ladies night, and the feelins right! oh yes its ladies night, oh what a night...i got that boom boom pow! lol lol lol!what is everyone doing tonight?? i'm so bored.....Out in Sacramento tonight! Starting at Badlands! WOO HOO!biggest loser!!!! lol.ok...2 assignments and a midterm...then let the festivities begin! YAYYYYY!school...back to real life! :-(.La Novia de Chucky...lol.my hangover + klonopin + gresy ass breakfast = festive events in me bed! :-).Let's go Cowboys!"and a britney song was on, and the britney song was on, and the britney song was on! so I put my hands up, they're playin my song, And the butterflys fly away, Noddin\92 my head like yeah, Moving my hips like yeah" ~ oh yes, i went there!mom: "so you're playing hard to get? me: "who's playin, I am hard to get!" LOL LOL LOL.should be studying but is being naughty! tisk tisk! LOL.davis is toxic...Please fill out my survey at CA *PROPNAME* Survey Group!feeling productive!! YEE!just realized how much she missed all the girls! love you guys! XOXO.is trying to find a movie to wath online...any suggestions??I am officially addicted to twilight! books and all!restless...irritated...what is a gamora party??:-DaaaaAAAAAHHHHH! tomorrow is the big day! SOOOOO excited!1 pot of coffee + very little sleep = a spastic delirious pammy! wee.just saw a flash of channy's face on a commercial! YAY!just experienced her first clarksburg light parade! LOL.time to study...all done tomorrow night! yee!!!!being where I'm from, agricultural labor should be much more interesting to me...but, ughhhhhhhh! definately narrowing down potential career paths!why do i choose to embarrass myself every chance I get? ugh.i need another movie...damn insomnia!is a wee bit disappointed! :-(.i'm on keeli's side...call me high school! LOL.omg...finally got the next twilight book...yay!!HOLLER FOR GOOD GRADES!!!! woo hoo!football and basketball at center court?How bout them cowboys!!! YEE.Don't be tardy for the party! LOL.ummm...ouch...cool cousins christmas makes me worthless once again! best tradition ever!OH boys...lets not be ghetto...i believe i can fly! woo! i believe i can touch the sky! think about it every night and day, spread my wings and fly away! i realllllly need something to do right now! lol.new year...maybe some new hair...i'm thinking chocolatie brown!getting ready to stalk taylor marsh...any hints would be helpful! LOL.trying something a little different...bringing in the new yar sober, hopefully it will be a reflection of the year to come! XOXO.most of my eyecandy is gone...time for a new gym! p.s. lost my phone! holler at me on here!back to school, back to school, prove to dad i'm not a fool...ugh...in a class with mostly 18 year olds, cursing myself for not taking com 1 my freshman year when i could've copied off of someone! damn it...lol.YAY!!! got my new phone!!! HOLLER!!!!I find it odd that we're all just chillin on top of these massive plates floating on crazy hot elements that collide and shift. and all the while we stress these teeny tiny things...that's a pretty big picture! may god bless the people in haiti!BEST TUESDAY EVER!!! done with dmv, getting my diploma in march, and getting off prob. early!!! YAY!"it's raining, it's pouring, my whole life is boring, because of yooouuuuuu!" - if anyone beside weezie can name this quote i will be plesantly surprised.in mourning...what an embarrassment.i wish it was summer, i want to go on a boat.f* u raider fans! kick rocks!oh sweet sweet monday, you treated me so well...Today is an off day... thank goodness it's almost over! maybe some gym time at around 7:30 or 8? anyone... anyone?oh time for little anna nicole to take a bath...i love when her little face gets more "concern" wrinkles! too cute!stranded in the burg...someone come save me!!! lol.OMG!!!! LOST!Tomorrow I officially stop having more fun! eek!note to self...do not eat curvy pickles...they will squirt you in the eye when bitten into too feverishly!wants to go to 2nd saturday right now!!!lonely and bored! WAHHHHHH!looking like this is going to be another sleepless night...dang it.is warm and blood free...oh sweet sweet life! lol.LOST b*tches!gonna go try bikram yoga for the first time! this should be interesting!officially EMPLOYED!!!!! YEE!!!!