"no more than 5 pages" is my new favorite phrase! :).is sad that Tetris is not working! :(.is in desperate need of a social life!!! :(.hmmm....I uninstalled 1 tiny program and now I can do internet, and symantec works?! oh well, maybe my computer is not dying after all! :).2 papers done! now time for the very last edits and a read-through by mommy! :).thinks it would be nice to have a car! :P.somehow has to BS 5 pages of scientific paper about a frustratingly inconclusive field project AND have sources to cite about it. FML.misses everyone in EL!! I can't wait for preseason!!! :).yay clean laundry!!!! :).is mostly unpacked and moved in! :).is home and not ready to be back in the real world yet! ://.is still waiting for mail.msu.edu, but is SO excited to move into her new apartment on Sunday!! :).needs another weekend.thinks the best thing to ever happen to hot chocolate is *PROPNAME*'s special dark cocoa powder!!! :).had a great weekend, but is not ready for classes tomorrow!! ://.finally has finished her paper! :) still needs to be edited, but at least it's done!! :D.is excited for a weekend on a lake with friends!! :).needs to find a good place for a nap! :).best way to relax after a crazy morning: blanket and Chopin.loves bid night!! :).blah blah blah-blah blah blah blah.came out to campus to study, and forgot headphones!! how am I supposed to memorize music without headphones!!? :(.procrastination will get me in trouble one of these days.... :P.bored bored bored.....not ready for thursday! I don't have 2 tunes memorized!!! :(.drunk MSU fans when I was biking home after the game: "oh, band fag coming through" I don't like to swear, but I had to bite my tongue to keep from either flicking them off or just simply saying "FUCK YOU!".today I saw an old woman walking across the bridge by Sparty. She was wearing a bright aqua colored shirt. Right behind her was a college guy wearing a t-shirt of the exact same hue. It made me smile! :P.auto tune the news - the best way to waste time!!! :P.thinks conscientious is should be spelled more phonetically. Maybe like: conchienchous...:P.Has had an AMAZING yet utterly unproductive weekend! :P.just realized how many projects//papers are due in the next 4 weeks! EEK!! :(.just doesn't feel like working... how about sleep!? :).has a great night planned!! State of 5ths concert and then fun night with her favorite old roomie!! :).one more final left and then I'm DONE!! :).is DONE with writing her paper! now I just have to edit it and start studying for finals! ://.1 1//2 pages done...this thing needs to be 10!!!! :(.Girl 1: Eeew! It's all blue and jiggly! Girl 2: I can't get it out! ~I heard this today in the *PROPNAME* cafeteria relating to.... jello! :P.hopes that this Evolution final goes as well as that tetris game did too! :P.kinda hopes that her finals go as well as that game of tetris just did! :P.I sent the kitty home! it was kinda fun to have a kitty cat for a day! :).Shindig at my house at 7!! call for directions! :D.book-faced HACKED!!!! muahahahahaha.Can't wait to go to TEXAS!!!!! :D.going to Chicago! :).LOVES SNOW!!!!! :).thinks her mondays, wednesdays, and fridays this semester are going to be awesome! :) Environmental physiology seems like a GREAT class!! :).has some pretty mighty senioritis, and apathy right now... BUT I bought a class ring today!!!! :D.is back in EL, but not ready to start classes yet!! :(.Can't wait for today to be over! then I'll have an application mailed, and be off to Texas!! :).now has pierced ears!! :) but I can't swim for 2 months!! :( sounds like I'm going to get to know the treadmill really well! :P.JUST GOT THE BEST INTERNSHIP EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D I'll be spending 5 weeks this summer shadowing and learning from zoo vets at the Seneca Zoo in Rochester, NY!!!!! :D.Dinner with *PROPNAME* and then I'm finally getting my ears pierced!!!! :D.IT'S SNOWING!!!!!!! IN KENTUCKY!!!!!!! I guess it's about time for our biennial snowstorm! :D.thinks that if she doesn't find a faster way to get all her reading homework done this semester, she will go crazy!!!! ://.thinks she needs more spontaneity in her life! Last night was so much fun! going to UofM on a whim to see old friends! :D.was worried when she saw the new facebook layout page until she figured out how to get to Tetris! She is ridiculously addicted to that game! :P.thinks break.com is the best website ever! :).is listening to mice play and chat in her ceiling! ://.is sleeping :).IT'S SNOWING!!!!!! :D.thinks she was sleepwalking last night"...I don't remember wearing this when I went to bed...".you know I've been busy when I haven't played tetris in 3 days! :P.is going to be reading textbooks for the rest of her life! :( only 1 chapter of neurobio left, then 2 chapters to catch up in Euk. Cell bio, and then 2-3 in Environmental Phys.... oh goodie... ://.