is checking her facebook a little more than she used to...but facebook still bombards her with more information than she has time to fool with!  Taking things at a glance.is sick as a dog & about to go home early...bluhhhh.is sick of the pain....I will be fine.  I've gotten through everything that has ever been thrown at me--nothing can keep me down for long.will probably be taking a hiatus from facebook again for a bit...you know where to reach me if you wish to do so!has a tummyache (again, stupid tummy) but is otherwise alright!isn't gonna fool with facebook applications, but does check facebook briefly every day now, for what it's worth......my heart hurts.is somewhat on hiatus from facebook for a while...may check it occasionally...*shrug*.is very well-rested, lol.is doin' alright. Something I've come to realize: you can't depend on anyone ALL the time...but ALMOST all the time is a damn good percentage!is so glad I finally tried a chiropractor!  My back hasn't felt this good in ages!  I was very crackly, lol.Is still pretty much on facebook hiatus...if you message me I'll probably answer though. Otherwise, most of you know where to find me!is relaxing...Feeling pretty good since the whole 'tweaking my outlook' kick I've been on...except for this sore throat//sniffles thing, geh. But I'll live...hey, drinking tea goes along with the zen thing anyway, lol.is determined to be strong.feels kinda better after going home early yesterday & resting...24-hour bug?  Whatever it was I'ma try to take it easy today too.gonna stay late at work to get some extra stuff done, & then go home & veg out. I'm a geezer today, I guess...I mean to go to bed early (to get over the Plague of Atlanta), and yet I end up staying up all night doing practically nothing.  Story of my life.  Hmph!Bev quote of the hour: "Bah, the chaos gods can suck my intangible throbbing member.".Doing enough work to compensate for being in Atlanta Thursday & Friday...blehhhh.  (Still at work at frickin' midnight!)  But the trip, the company & the brief respite from LI will be soooo bloody appreciated.Am engaged in battle with the Plague-beasts of Atlanta. *sneeze*  Vitamins make good ammo in such altercations!Yay Mythbusters!  Ninjas, explosions, and science, oh my! :D *nerdnerdnerd*.This morning my dad said "it smells weird in your apartment."  Found the culprit--something in my dad's house upstairs sprung a leak...right through my bedroom ceiling, saturating my bedroom.  My mattress, lots of pillows, some expensive clothes and some beloved posters I was saving...are all ruined.  And the water's still leaking!  Grrahhhh...Musta been, I dunno, sleep-spelunking or somethin last night-cos I woke up with a fucked up knee. I'ma try to rest this wkend & rid myself of the Mysterious Plague of Atlanta that drained me all week; wish there was a cure for excessive nihilism, though. *makes face*.Ok...there are piles of "junk that isn't supposed to be on my desk" that keep getting bigger...while the things that are supposed to live on my desk are magically disappearing.  What fresh hell is this?!The Mighty Boosh is completely mad but completely awesome. It has soothed my disgruntled sadness with its peculiar brand of British inanity...and interpretive dance. *nodnod*.Today's sky is as grey as my default mood setting.  Sometimes it's rather exhausting being so exquisitely angst-ridden...*rolls eyes, sighs*.Gah...sick of feeling like crap! Gods deliver me from resilient falltime ailments...*brandishes stick menacingly...then gets dizzy and passes out*."I said he's a fairy I do suppose//flyin thru the air in pantyhose//he may be very sexy or even cute//but he looks like a sucka in a blue and red suit//I said you need a man who's got finesse//& his whole name across his chest//he may be able to fly all thru the night//but can he rock a party til the early light//he can't satisfy you with his little worm//but I can bust you out w my Super sperm!!" Rapper's Delight on Superman.Feelin' pretty lousy today...basically zombie-ing through work, and not in the fun way.  I feel like part of my brain is missing and has been replaced by canned air.  Bleah...Monday is definitely my least favorite day!I know it's gonna be a 'pajama weekend' when I find myself doing my weekend grocery shopping at the 7-11 at 5:30 a.m...Oy, Jiminator--this bring back any college memories, lol? "I got BLOOD on my hands and there's no remorse; I got BLOOD on my DICK cause I fucked a corpse..." When I hear it I think of you, haha! :D.Faring alright, I s'pose...just sore, and scouring the universe for used Toyotas & Hondas...  Need transportation, STAT!  Anyone with input on the car front, please comment!  Hope everyone's Halloween rocked..."Got an animated corpse//at my beck & call//you will find my skin cells underneath his fingernails//Carpet fibers from my car//Covering his coat and clinging to his follicles//Everyday we meet//Plot fourteen//As he hops in the front in the seat next to me//He can't wait til I tell him what I need//Then he nods a rotting head and then I set him free".WTF...did I like, get Mono or something in Atlanta (and how would I get Mono there? I don't make out with my relatives, ew!)?  I've felt consistently crappy and out of it ever since I came back.  Meh.  In other news, thanks to Lorna, I have "Unpack Your Adjectives" stuck in my head, lol...Errghhh...insomnia suuuuucks! *whines, ears begin to bleed*.2 people today mentioned that my Wall is disabled from being posted on...I didn't even know! Lol, changed it...post at will I guess. *shrug!* In other news...YAY CARTOONS! "YEEES, we have no// bananas// todaaaaayyy!".Gah, bus schedules are confusing! *scratches head, which then explodes*.Ladies and gentlemen, we are floating in space... *zoned the fuck out*."Coming to work is like being raped by a paper factory."--me (to my dadboss) on working at a law office.might have contracted the rockin' pneumonia...but I hope I don't get the boogie-woogie flu--it sounds repulsive!  By the way, I hate that song. (No, I'm not sick...I'm just a weirdo!).Almost forgot it was Sunday night...yay for new Venture Bros. eps!  (My preciousssss...)  But DUDE, who saw the Metalocalypse season premiere?  When that "surprise thing" happened I literally screamed in joy (woke up my dad, lol)!  Maybe semi-expected but still, WOOT!Spacemen 3 are pretty good...but in moderation--too many songs in a row and they'll put you to sleep! Zzzzz..."Woo-hah! Woo-hah! Got you all in check!" LOL.Checking out a car in the morning...hope it checks out--I'm not enjoying this carless whatnottery!God damn it...I need for my laptop to NOT freeze for 10 minutes before deciding to perhaps or perhaps not perform the command I've clicked...I need a car that isn't a fucking pretzel, or at least SOME form of viable transportation...I need ADD meds that don't leave me staring off into fucking space at work...GAHHH!  Very fucking frustrated!  Anyone with input re laptop or car, please comment...*sigh*.It's insane how much time one has to spend on the telephone with basically everyone in Christendom after a big car accident...blahhhh...deliver me from being on hold all day! *glares at phone*.Meh.  Humans are a fickle species.About to go to bed so I can get up early to check out a car tomorrow morn...*crosses fingers* hope this one pans out; the longer I'm trapped, vehicleless, the more likely I am to go completely bloody mad!It's a DK kind of day. *nod*."*PROPNAME* could never have Superman's baby. Do you think her fallopian tubes could handle the sperm? I guarantee he blows a load like a shotgun right through her back...The only way he could bang regular chicks is with a kryptonite condom...but that would kill him!".Unproductive day...home sick & made no money, and no progress carwise...but at least I got some rest, I guess. *sigh*.Went and got the last of my stuff out of my...car...(read: twisted metal heap with fuzzy seats) this morning.  It was kind of sad...I apologized to Car (yeah, that's its name dammit, shut up) for smushing it, and hugged it goodbye, and then took the title to my mechanic so it can be junked.  Thusly, the day started in kind of a somber mood.  If only I could locate a sufficient replacement, though...Well, going to bed with a smile on my face.  Nice change from the rest of the week! Haha...somehow my facebook got switched to German for awhile...it was ok, 'cause I could read most of the German--just rather random!  This box asked me "Was machts du gerade" for half the night...lol.  Actually I might switch it back to German and leave it for awhile--it amuses me! :P.Soooo frickin' psyched for Atlanta.  Getting the fuck outta LI, seeing my superawesome folks, finally getting some proper southern food, and maybe even checking out Decatur nightlife & Williams Street...the word of the day is "YAAAYYYYY!"."Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torment of man."--Friedrich Nietzsche.Bah! Humbug! In other news, I really wanna see Ninja Assassin! In other news...eh, don't matter anyway, nevermind.Car Search 2009=driving me mad! No jetpacks on ebay (I checked) so that's out. Rollerblading'd surely break my ass. Motorcycle=me smeared across the pavement. Mopeds are...small. No horse handy or I could Amish it up w// a little cart! Bikeseats hurt my delicate posterior. Boats don't travel well on land. Don't think Segways go fast enough to get anywhere-I'd probably fall off anyway. Hurry up & invent transporters!!Having a mixed day: got less than 1 hour of sleep (and even that was interrupted sleep!), so I'm kinda white-knuckling it through the workday a bit...but also got the car 'legal' at the DMV--and it only took like 30 minutes!  Well, at least I'm too tired to think myself into a funk again!I just saw an...interesting...car commercial. According to said commercial, apparently "Twilight's *PROPNAME*" drives...a Volvo. A Volvo. A vampire...in a Volvo.* Wow...I didn't think that that character could get any lamer; I was wrong!  *No offense to Volvo owners, the cars are fine...but 'Mister (supposedly) SuperAwesome Vampire' driving one? LOL.is now friends with I NEED A FUCKING CAR!!!I gotta ask: why pirates OR ninjas?  Why not both?  Also, two interesting concepts I've recently discovered: Horror Cakes competition on Food Network tomorrow (one of them bleeds when you cut the cake! AWESOME!)...and a children's book series I saw in the bookstore recently, called Vampirates...I dig the name, and the concept...not sure about the execution though.  Still...intriguing!Feeling quite content, in spite of all that 'ails' me. *quirks lips into a serene smile*."Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torment of man."--Friedrich Nietzsche ---------------------------------------- Yeah, fuck hope.  Let's try action!  Control what you CAN control.  Determination burns within me again.Tired of introspection tonight; it leaves me...bereft...and the silence screams madly in my ears.Finally got a car! 1998 Nissan Altima GXE w// 98,700 miles on it in pretty good shape. Mechanics aside, glad I have a car w// a stereo again. Don't like that it's white, but I took what I could get! Might either mural-paint or shop-repaint it if it annoys me enough.  Also had a really great weekend (Thank you, guys. Xoxo!)--nice change from the last few! Glad as hell I'm not stranded anymore!!is FREEZING!  Not feeling very good, either.  Hope it's a 'passing fancy' and not an Ailment!Happy Halloween all! Stuck @ home recuperating from totaling my fuckin car yestermorn-they're right, it DOES hurt more the day after-but "I'M NOT DEAD YET!!" Great time last night tho-celebrating LIVING. Thanx to all who made it possible & who made it awesome! Yay Dethklok show, Asylum, & some fucking wonderful humans, including my rockin' friends & lotsa cool folks I met last night. *hugs the world, retreats to bed*.I'm back from Atlanta, over 24 hours after I was s'posed to be...am worn the fuck out.  But had a great fuckin' time down there before the airtravel assraping!  So, yay to that! ;D.URGENT!!  Does anyone want to see SONIC YOUTH with DINOSAUR JR. TONIGHT at Terminal 5 in Manhattan (show starts 8 PM)??  Sean is sick and can't go so I have a FREE TICKET to the show, which is SOLD OUT otherwise.  If you're interested, drop me a text!! 631-714-9319.Sweet respite... *snooze*.Waking from a really good dream into harsh reality is one of the great cruelties of life.  *groggy and disgruntled*....and now back to my regularly scheduled severe dangerously-nihilistic depression. :D!!!1!1!!!1!!!!one!Bored with cartoons & porn...time to sleep I guess. *blink, shrug, yawn*.It just occurred to me that two of my favorite songs are punk songs about gruesome abortions ("Bodies" by Sex Pistols and "Die of Shame" by Tilt)...man, I'm just not quite right, lol!"Just another manic Monday"...nah, not really--if I was manic right now I'd probably be getting alot more done, lol!Intelligence is a curse, life a senseless disease.  Gods grant me respite by death or lobotomy...My, how the randomness abounds!...but I need some sleep.Heh...:"God I wish that I could hide away//And find a wall to bang my brains//I'm living in a fantasy,//a nightmare dream...reality//People ride about all day//In metal boxes made away//I wish that they would drop the bomb//And kill these cunts//that don't belong! I hate people!//I hate the human race//I hate people!//I hate your ugly face//I hate people!//I hate your fucking mess//I hate people!//They hate me!"-Anti-Nowhere League.My foot is asleep...maybe it's trying to tell me I should be asleep, too...*conks*.Today's stream of consciousness: Hooray for comic books, poetry and nerds in general...forgot my phone at home today, blargh (couldn't reach me, that's why)...swamped at work...pretzels suck...missing NOLA (especially the Quarter) alot today for some reason..."the holidays" are annoying me already...Wikipedia is addictive...so is Facebook, gods help me...!Holy shit, the sky is falling: my dad actually CHEERED ME UP out of a tough spot for once!  Maybe he's learning!  Or maybe it was a fluke...either way, I feel a lot better now!  :)  Dammit someone find me a good yoga studio now, lol!Meh. Bleh. Feh!!My body may be a medical nightmare, but at least it leaves me hangover-free for some reason, hah!  Glad to see everyone last night...thanks all for the *loves* and for those who were kind in the face of my drunken overhonesty, oy.Never enough.needs a change. Anyone know any yoga studios in or close to the Smithtown//Kings Park area? Gotta find my zen again!Sunday bloody Sunday...booooring...!Just had a 20-minute conversation w// my dad about midget porn.  Sometimes he ain't half bad, lol...It's amazing what you'll watch on TV when you stay up all night."Yes yes yes, effervescently meaningless...".Getting another potential car checked out by my mechanic tomorrow...god I hope one of these fucking things works out soon! *blows up apartment*.What's black and green and red all over?  Me after the GWAR show, YEAH! XD  Time for the sleep of a lifetime now, though...damn.Getting out of the house, yay!  Going with 'Anon' (lol) to eat curry and hang out with folks or someodd.  Man, anywhere's better than being stuck at my stupid apartment!Sick of this nihilistic depression shit--fine, life may be meaningless, I may be right about all the other disturbingly bleak shit I've been thinking...but I'm not a self-killer so I'm stuck here--might as well pull it together and live this crazy life I've got anyway, eh?  Some change is in the works (just in time for the New Year, ironically).Yes, I have no bananas...I have no bananas todayyyyy!Going upstairs to beg my dad for some of the wonderful-smelling eggplant parm they just made! *crosses fingers* No food down here. :(.Me da is my hero right now...he found me some fucking NYQUIL!!  25 hours awake is waaaay more than enough (especially when I'm sick).  Going to go smoke with the ghost in the back of my head (heyy, random little-remembered song reference!).  GOODNIGHT FOLKS!!Went to the latest Disney cartoon with my dad tonight...it was set in New Orleans and it was surprisingly pretty good. But it made me miss my NOLA soo much...as I told my dad, I'm sure I'll end up back home someday, but for now I need to be here. Sigh!   In other news, my cold is getting worse, blech. Trying everything I can to get rid of it quickly!I gotta admit...Powerpuff Girls cracks me up! :P  Yeah, shush. In other news...FUCK I'm freezin' me arse off!If I'm stuck in the house long enough, maybe I'll clean it!  That's looking on the bright side I guess...at least I'm in a better mood and a little less ill than yesterday, though maybe a little stir crazy--I found myself dancing to the Baskin *PROPNAME* 'ice cream and cake' commercial, lol!Ugh...headache and some amount of nervousness.  Resurrection tomorrow night though, yay!  Night all...Holy sinus headache, Batman! *left eyeball, unable to take the 'pressure,' explodes out of skull, shoots across room, lands in file drawer under "O" for "Owwww"*.Tis the season to cough up weird stuff...yecch.Can't sleep--landmines in my mind.  Awake since 6 AM, ugh...Happy thingy, people...Ok...broken snow shovel, and the plow bastard we called is 2 hours late.  Don't mind too much that I'm missing work, but I DO mind that I have no food in the house and wanted to go BUY SOME FUCKING FOOD!  That plow motherfucker will be getting my SPACEBOOT up his PLOWTASTIC ASS!  As long as I don't pass out from starvation first, hmph.Had bad dreams last night, some sobering thoughts on my mind...yet I'm still in a good mood today.  I don't get it, but I'm not complaining!Sad & depressed as hell, but ROCKING the LIVING FUCK out...weird combination.Supposedly Hauppauge means "land of sweet water."  Somehow I doubt the water's very "sweet" anymore, considering that Hauppauge is now an industrial district...Dear Santa:  I know I'm a Grinch, but could you please bring me a computer repairman for Christmas?  I'll make you jambalaya..."And life is thorny, and youth is vain; And to be wroth with ones we love doth work like madness in the brain."--Samuel Taylor Coleridge.My car no longer screeches like a banshee passing kidney stones...thanks, Mr. Mechanic!  In other news, my 'simple' cold is worsening by the hour and I'm feverish...and all of the home remedies and cold meds I try are for naught!  Bah!Well that was entertaining...got some of my dad's eggplant parm, but was treated to watching him, COMPLETELY sloshed, watch the Wizard of Oz and caterwaul all the words with both *PROPNAME* AND the wicked witch. He says the Wizard is a prick, by the way.  And, "Look! Look, Bev, they dropped a fuckin' house on her!!".Sorry I had to bail so early on Sanctuary last night, folks...sick & tired does not a fun Bev make--sittin' in the corner like ol' granny watchin' the kiddies play outside! *scrunches nose*.I'm so pleased today I might start glowing! XD ...Hopefully more in a pleasant way than a radioactive way.  A new year is directly impending, YAY!!  Ecstatic for a symbolic fresh start// season of change, let me tell you!Momentarily considered waxing poetic about the new year (one 'holiday' that is actually somewhat important to me), but it's all been said before, I'm sure.  Instead, I'm just gonna go get loads of sleep so I can enjoy tomorrow night's festivities wholeheartedly!Second half of last week quite sucked and was uneventful to boot...may this week be an improvement!  *kicks suckiness repeatedly with pointy!pointy!shoes*.Dammit dammit I can't SLEEP!  Awake all night then tried to fall asleep for 4 hours.  At least if I had hypothermia I'd fall unconscious...hmm.  But that would require going outside...or, more importantly, moving.  Fuck that noise!Hoping this insane wind doesn't blow me away to Oz...those Munchkins might've gone feral by now. *shudder*.I lahk the cut o' yerr jib...*licks teeth creepily*.Well...if my interactions and happenings of last night were any indication, 2010 may well be a pretty good year...but we'll see!  Happy new year, love y'all! :D.is currently being a disgruntled employee...grrr. *brandishes fist ineffectually*.Eh, why the hell not:  THIS SHOULD BE INTERESTING. Lets see how honest my FB friends are. Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes ME. It can only be 1 word. No more than 1 word. Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you. Wonder how many brave friends will do this.Busybusybusy! :D Out & about is much better than in and bored!2010-wise, so far, so good!  Feeling pretty bloody fantastic compared to my emotional state of the last few months.  I've even been somewhat productive recently.  However, I am going home now; my desk chair has made my ass numb!  (How does one wake up a sleeping ass, haha?  I'll probably be sorry I asked...).Sick as a dog and hoping it doesn't snow too much.My mind feels like a murder-suicide.  I hate this life so much it hurts...and it hurts so much I've been rendered numb.Re-conditioning my hands back into top gaming form--I used to be able to go all day (or for days) without a break (even to eat or go to the bathroom, lol...toldja I was obsessed!); currently my thumbs start to hurt after about 4 hours.  That's what I get for being outta practice, bah!*sneeze, cough, snort* Blech!  Trying that Airborne shit TONIGHT!  At least I'm getting the screechy car fixed today.  Now if I could only find gloves that match eachother...*wearing one black leather glove and one knit blue striped glove*."Is it special when you're lonely// do you spend your whole life// in a studio apartment// with a cat for a wife// The seasons, when they call you// do you barricade the door// are you stubborn, stubborn, stubborn to the core?...Then the longest winter// is on her way// you called her without knowing it// but now it's too late..." Trying to keep the zen, but it's hard to hang onto sometimes on nights like these.Cold weather can bite me, and so can Christmas.  *sticks out tongue*  I'm doin' reasonably alright today but ehhhhh...got a 'eadache from 'ell.*sigh*.OI!!!Feeling DAMN GOOD headwise lately: forceful self-change of outlook, meds seem to be finally working, & I'm startin to get shit done! 'Course, meds need tweaking--one of 'em (dunno which) is also tryin to make me a zombie--not the fun movie kind, either: I get sleepy around 4 or 5 PM now; too damn early even if I weren't a night owl! PSYCHED bout the forward progress, but this zombie thing's crampin' my nightlife, oy!Sick as a dog and wishing my heat worked better. Hoping for as little snow as possible, under these circumstances!hates crying, hates her health (or lack thereof), hates snow, and hates Christmas and its trappings of tomfoolery.  Today has become a day of hate. *angry pout*.*Rootin' around for 'retro' Bev pics*.Meow meow TIIIIIREDDDD meow meow. *pokes work with stick*.Hopin' I'll sleep tonight! Went from one extreme to the other--sleeping all the time to not sleeping at all. What an unpleasant adventure this is being!Surreal night...I think I might've slept and just woke up every hour and lay awake for awhile before falling back asleep again--but conversely, I might've just lain awake and semi-insensible the whole night with periods of more awareness...not sure which!  Either way, I'm tired, but surprisingly decent otherwise!Well, lived through the Carbon Monoxide shit, though it made me sick today--luckily not sick enough to go to the damn hospital I guess; just sick enough to be puking and bedridden today. Good thing I had the day off anyway for MLK day (but my dad didn't tell me that, so I woke up ill and panicky this afternoon--nice, lol). Furnace was fixed today, though, so no more CM troubles, I suppose!WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!  (She says as she continues to be nerdy on her couch. :P)  Veggin' can be good when you're having sillyfuntime! :D  ...Takin' a vote though: after cartoons, shall I play arcadey fighters, RPGs, or go old-school?  Narrowed it down that far, but...so hard to choose hehe!Have good weekend, meine leibschen, yes yes!  I kiss you, muah!  (Me, hausfrau?!  Nein, NEIN!!!).Ehh...bite me!"Some of the shows on MTV are not my cup of tea...mainly because I don't like huge pieces of shit in my tea!".doesn't get it--even when I get enough sleep, I run out of energy LONG before the day is over...what gives?!  This rampant exhaustion really puts a cramp on my life & times...and now I'm gonna go sleep some more.  Hmph!*sigh*.I try to keep my health complaints to others to a minimum these days, but...well, let's just say FUCK.  Sometimes I feel like being such a survivor is goddamned overrated.Sleepytime at last!  Bundled up in blankets like fuckin' Jesus inna manger.  Or medieval couples that weren't sposed to fuck yet, lol.  Fuck off, snow!So very frustrated...& kinda sad. And so fucking sleepy...god DAMN these meds, I'm sleeping my life away.MEHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHURRRRRGHHHHHHHH.....is ok now.Why do I insist on eating popsicles in winter?  OM NOM NOM.The cleaner my apartment gets, the more of my hobbies I get back into (partially because I can find my stuff again, lol!)...YAYYY!  First one to return: gaming.  I might not get back to the rest of those erstwhile hobbies for awhile, though--I tend to get quiiite obsessive about my vidya games, hehe...It liiiives!!!  (Meds adjusted--we'll see if I stay awake today! *blinkblink*).*shrug* Eh.is trying not to be grumpy.Ok lady I love you buh-bye! *finally leaves house*.Off to prepare for a night of festivitation...2010 here we come, haharr!Getting ready for ma belle *PROPNAME*'s birthday whatnottery...may I not fall asleep face-down in cake this evening!*crosses fingers*.Hangin' with *PROPNAME*...stay awake, stay awake! *pokes self with fork*.Dear car battery: Why are you dead again?  What am I going to do with you?? (No, really--what am I supposed to do with it?)  You make me sad. ://.Hmm...it's hard to play 'find the smell' in your apartment when it's so cold that sniffing the air hurts!  But why the fuck does my place smell like a lawnmower anyway?!Frisky Dingo makes my chest hurt...with laughing! I need to get Season 2 STAT. Damn, I would PILLAGE for some bourbon chicken right now! Glad *PROPNAME* is finally back in town...good times man! :D.Taken off the troublesome med! Back to Bev as usual now I guess.BRRR!  "Stiff Little Fingers" indeed!doesn't know what to think.Upon taking a brief hiatus from facebook--holy SHIT, too many updates to read! *mind boggles*.just remembered a TV ad from her childhood in the 'glorious' south: horribly fat, hideous ANGELS with big ol' hair, Tammy-Faye-esque makeup, and (of course) heavy southern accents hollering "DON'T YOU BUY NO UUG-LY TRUUCK!" Cracked me up then, cracks me up now, HAHA!Meow?Too lazy to scan 'retro' pics right now--fuck it, maybe later. I notice that I pretty much look the same as I have for the past ~15 years (kinda freaky!!)...thus, it's hard to tell what year a photo is from. Oddly enough, my skin was better when I was a teenager than it is now!Black.Well, meds situation is not ideal by any means (zombieish again) but it's a vast improvement on the last few days of horror!I think I've finally found the right med...this must be what normal people feel like!I feel pretty spiffy today--befuddling my dad with random comments, doin' my weird acrobatics and dances, singin' wordless nonsense songs...alot better than medicated zombie Bev (though admittedly alot more absurd, LOL)!  Sure spices up the office though haha--as long as I don't careen into the conference table!  :D.Fucking CARBON MONOXIDE alarm's going off repeatedly again tonight! Opened the windows & garage doors; I have nowhere else I can go & I need sleep, so I'm gonna hafta just hope the ventilation is enough cos I don't know what else to do. Hope I don't end up in the hospital over this shit--I'm sick of the damn hospital! (Well...bein' dead would [debatably] suck too. But I wouldn't be self-aware to know about it, lol.).has been too busy living life to spend much time on facebook this week--just the way I like it! :D.Whew.Got to be 'early to rise' tomorrow, so I'ma try to be 'early to bed' tonight...thusly, going to bed now; we'll see how that goes!is amused at the universe today. *cracks up*.Hm...started the day out feeling ok, but now I feel like three-week-old leftovers molding in the back of a broken fridge in Hell...yes, a Hell-fridge. Guess work doesn't agree with me!Been trying to catch up on sleep since I pretty much hadn't slept in 3 days...woken up by the Carbon Monoxide alarm, and it's the real deal.  My dad opened the window by the furnace and my living room window and went back to bed, nice.  Hmm...gonna go back to sleep if possible and hope halfheartedly that I'm still alive in the morning.