had the worst surf session of my life!just got 16 orders all at once. sick.is beat!drove over 250miles throughout LA!! Just for work orders today. Sick.whats up with real estate REO agents lately?? they need to take the arrogance-stick out of their buttocks.you down for some party bus action this friday to dive bars around the beach? let me know asap.best week of surf, worst week for the company. dunno how to feel bout that.taking the rest of the day off.longest day ever and tomorrow will be worse. super!at the beach... then work. priorities.3 days in a row of super fun surf!!!... should prob work sometime this week.hungry. fee me.depression... day before 26. lame.still feeling it.off to work! lame.had the biggest week in my company's history and its only Tuesday! yay! www.cdmpropertypreservation.com.on my way to berkeley!!!! cheese board here i come:).off to work, then to surf.buying my flight to hawaii... yes, that is right brian. 7 days. that translates to getting a job as a cabana boy and never coming back to the mainland.need new clients!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!going to surf, eat no ka oi, then work.wants the webber mini fish!!! looks so good.happy hour = bad idea.is moving to spain!!! no, new zealand. yay. come visit.off to see COMPANY OF THIEVES. pumped to slay later.still hungover!! but well worth it.partyin HB side with tools and my friends.back to school. on the path to becoming a Physician assistant.cmon weekend! good shit on the way. ooo oooooo.Cannot find episode 13 season 1 of MAD MEN!!! what the frick internet!driving to the LBC.afi out today. yay.Going to Laughlin???still dont get the point of the GRE.... who made up these fn words?frustrated and need motivation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!surfing sloat in the AM. yay!dexter is so money.served.just finished glassing my broken board and im high as shit from the resin. feels wrong.surf, then continue trying to slay the GRE.start my new life on monday.forgot the most important paperwork for tomorrow in LA!!! #@#!@!#R#%#!!!!it's unpatriotic and Terrorist-embracing to do anything but praise the President like some sort of college cheerleader... Calling people unpatriotic and comparing them to Terrorists for failing to fulfill their solemn duty to praise the President on his Special Day and mindlessly support his accolades isn't clever or tough politics.  It's weak, counter-productive, unprincipled, dumb and dangerous. --*PROPNAME*.glad i got the flu vaccination. $30 to feel like i have the flu. well spent.sooooo spent! sleep.actually excited to be up this early!would be nice to get some good surf without having to drive allllll the way south; i mean it is my bday.obama won the Nobel Peace Prize!!!! LAAAAAAAAMMMME!need to go back to sleep!!!!!!!!!!has an extra tiger army ticket for this weekend 10//24. $26.is now trained in changing adult diapers, moving from gurney to bed, and bathing patients. one more step closer to my MPA!!i dont get it. baseball is super boring.Just bought my three nights in San Fan! *PROPNAME*.anyone have any good vocab tricks for memorizing GRE words?!!!! or stuff they can email me?has an extra Company of Thieves ticket for tomorrow night at the HOB. Lemme know if you want it!! $30.best surf in a while. cant stop smiling. whos going tomorrow?cannot focus on my exam!!!!!usc can lick my balls.have an extra Tiger Army ticket for tomorrow night in Hollywood.T minus 5 years and ill be done with my masters... ill be old too.anyone wanna surf in the am.... after 10???????!bout to surf under the golden gate!... before the surf is too huge. hi erik. im sitting next to you; wanna get breakfast?practicing patient assessment on my mom's daycare kids is more difficult than i thought. haha.The new MUSE is intense! DUcks game 2nite. yay putos.off to san fran.anyone know of a place where I can take a condensed organic chem class??start "insanity" tomorrow. eek.better ace my exam considering i missed the best day of surfing in a long ass time!!!! so mad right now.red wings blow.whos in SF and is going out tonight?going out for the first time in a loong time and my only chance for a long time.iTunes is soooo bad! im going broke.cant believe the Ducks traded Pronger! Morons.last trauma exam tomorrow! ooo ooooo!surf was amazing this morning. sooooooooo ready for life now.class 8am - 5pm! snap son.Gosh darn it!!!! I just saw a group of 5 Jehovah\92s witnesses outside my neighbor's house!! That means they are on the way to my house! they saw me get something from my car so they know im home; now im going to have to argue with them.Practice question for my EMT exam "its early afternoon and the alarm sounds You are called to a scene at a railroad one of the workers is trapped between 2 cars. He is alert and tells you that as soon as the cars are moved he will die. He asks that you leave him alone with his wife and to do nothing heroic. which emotional response to death is your patient exhibiting?" ...uhhhhh how intense is that?!just bought some rad GRE test prep supplies. Super excited.final EMT exam and skill exam this week!!! eeeeek.frick! my chem class is filled up already and i need it or the next two years of my life is messed up!!!!!damnit ducks!!! WIN SOMETHING!!!c'mon! couldnt there be a LITTLE SURF on my one day off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Tiger Army and Bleedning Through! FriggnA.i am thankful for yams.http:////www.hulu.com//watch//67878//the-future-of-food?c=News-and-Information.have an extra Company of Thieves ticket for next tuesday's show. who wants to go?2-3 times overhead with occasional 18 ft.and fair to good conditions.bored and over reading about emergency medicine... this shit can be depressing as hell!!!!anyone have extra tickets to the rise against show?the new dexter was bulllshit!!! cant kill rita!!! im seriously sad.being sick is the cooolest.going to the AFI rise against show tonight.  I have 2 extra tickets call me if you wanna buy them 714 612 0723.freakin beat and super hungry.God, i love the Onion.passed the national EMT exam; off to find a JOB!!! yaaaaay for money.mmm, just planned vegas 2009. 23 days and counting.howard zinn's a people's history of the united states is debuts sunday night and is showing at UCLA tomorrow. Whos coming with me?hahah wheeler hall is under siege.arrrr!!!!!!!!!!! my only day off and NO surf.off to RISE AGAINST with gman and blade. you will find us in the parking lot drinking the sparks. you know youre jealous.off to colorado!!!so sick kill me now.arrrrrrrr why did they cancel TRAUMA!?finishing two work orders today then camping tonight and surfing alllll day tomorrow! holler!has extra tickets to KROQ almost accoustic Xmas... lemme know if u want them.yay! just got assigned to the Emergency Department for my next rotation at HOAG. super pumped.start my Emergency Department training tomorrow!! Oo, OOO!packing for the move back to berkeley. so pumped for some cheeseboard.total cost for books $310 via school website. I paid $44 for ALL of them on Amazon. How rad is that?!finally found the chem class that i need!!! its in oakland... just enrolled and get to move back to Berkeley!!!!!!!!wants to be rich!!!!!!!!!!!!!! filthy. c'mon lotto...needs some surf!!so pumped to be moving back to berk!!1 oo, ooooooo!!!fn bored!!! hi east bay!! where are my old friends??? im hanging out with a chem book all day. and to make things worse, there are no waves anywhere... losing my mind.has an extra ticket to the Ducks// Sharks game tonight. section203 row M... only the best seats in the house. $26!! Plus you get to sit by me.online traffic school is exciting.if you know anyone that works for an ambulance company in the east bay, let me know!!!c'mon ducks! kill it! i wanna do you.scored a rad position at HOAG hospital as a Clinical Care Extender. On my way to a masters in PA science! holler.so happy to live in a country where you pay for your education. grand idea!first day in the ER tomorrow. intense!on my way to berkeley... im broke need to find an EMT job asap. Sent me $$$. thanks.chemistry is like being punched in the brain.EMT exam has got me stressssssssing!!!!! ahhhhhhhh. too much crap.can decided whether to be on the USA side or the CAN side for hockey??? leaning canada....